                    +
>ECK120016719 ahpFp forward 639002 Sigma24 Strong
tagatgtccttgattaacaccaaaattaaaccttttaaaaaccaggcattcaaaaacggcGaattcatcgaaatcaccgaa
>ECK120009966 bacAp reverse 3204175 Sigma24 Strong
aaagaaaataattaattttacagctgttaaaccaaacggttataacctggtcatacgcagTagttcggacaagcggtacat
>ECK120010006 bamAp forward 197821 Sigma24 Strong
ctgctgttccttgcgatcgaaaagatcaagggcggaccggtatccgagcgggttcaagacTtttgttatcgcattggctcg
>ECK120016583 bamAp2 forward 197026 Sigma24 Strong
gcggaagcacaaattgcaccaggtacggaactaaaagccgtagatggtatcgaaacgcctGattgggatgccgtgcgtttg
>ECK120016567 bamBp reverse 2638975 Sigma24 Strong
aaatacttatggtgcgctggcttctttggaacttgcgcagcaatttgttgacaaaaatgaActagagaaagctgccgccca
>ECK120009993 bamCp reverse 2599014 Sigma24 Strong
acgcgttattaatcagcgtctgatgccattacacaacaaactatttgtcgaacccaatccAatcccggtgaaatgggcatg
>ECK120010008 bamDp forward 2736006 Sigma24 Strong
ctgatctaagcgttgaccgagttggttttcggacaccgttgcagtgagctgtactcgttgTgccatatatactgcttcttc
>ECK120016572 bamDp2 forward 2735961 Sigma24 Strong
ttttattcgcgaacgtgaataatccgggaacatttcggccaaagcctgatctaagcgttgAccgagttggttttcggacac
>ECK120009964 bamEp forward 2753486 Sigma24 Strong
ggcgaatgcgaaagaactgcttgcagcgtaaacttttttcctgcttcacggtcagagtaaAcagcaaaacgccgtaagacc
>ECK120016566 bepAp1 forward 2616068 Sigma24 Strong
gccgttacactcaaaggcggcgcggtgggaacgatatttcacagtatcggtcaaatgactAtctccagaaatacaggatag
>ECK125135037 bhsAp forward 1169033 Sigma24 Strong
taaaaaatatcttgtatgtgatccagatcacatctatcatttagttatcgatcgttaagtAattgcttgcgacgtcattca
>ECK120033258 clpXp            forward 457202 Sigma24 Strong
attctgaaagttaaagggcgcatgaatgaacttatggcgcttcatacgggtcaatcattaGaacagattgaacgtgatacc
>ECK120034942 cyaRp            forward 2167114 Sigma24 Strong
tggaaaattcttagaaaccgatcacatacagctgcatttattaaggttatcatccgtttcGctgaaaaacataacccataa
>ECK120010283 degPp forward 180845 Sigma24 Strong
tttaccttttgcagaaactttagttcggaacttcaggctataaaacgaatctgaagaacaCagcaattttgcgttatctgt
>ECK120009990 dsbCp reverse 3038834 Sigma24 Strong
accgagcgtctgcggcaacttcatcaacagcatcacccgcgggcgtgatgtctgaaaagaAcgggaagatttatgaagaaa
>ECK120016573 dsbCp2 reverse 3039633 Sigma24 Strong
ggaaaaaaatctggctgaaaatacgttgaacgcttaccgtcgcgatctgtcaatgatggtGgagtggttgcatcaccgcgg
>ECK125108721 eptBp            reverse 3710581 Sigma24 Strong
tttgtgcttcatgcacactctttccccacactttttccctttgctgtggtctacttattcGcgcgtgtagattttacttat
>ECK120016711 essDp            forward 576873 Sigma24 Strong
ttaattttttcatcgtgagccctttttttgaactattattaaaaaatgatgtcactgcgcGataaatattcatctaatcaa
>ECK120010508 fkpAp1 reverse 3477525 Sigma24 Strong
gagacagcactcatttcgcggtcatcgaaactaatttaaacaaaaagagtctgaaaatagAtgataatagggcgtgtctgt
>ECK120016720 ftnBp            forward 1986775 Sigma24 Strong
atttcatcaatgaaatgtaaaaatatataaacttgatgatttaagcattttcttatacccGttcagacgttattcttattt
>ECK120010066 fusAp            reverse 3473685 Sigma24 Strong
gataaatccatggctctgcgcctggcgaacgaactttctgatgctgcagaaaacaaaggtActgcagttaagaaacgtgaa
>ECK120016577 greAp2 reverse 3328853 Sigma24 Strong
ccctataaagtaaacgatgacccttcgggaacttcagggtaaaatgactatcaaaatgtgAattgtagctgacctgggact
>ECK120016717 gspAp4 reverse 3455634 Sigma24 Strong
atggaaataattcacattaaaaataatcgaccctatgcttataaatataatcaatatattGatggcagcatctttattatg
>ECK120033255 hcpp2 reverse 914129 Sigma24 Strong
cgcggcgttttttaatgatctggcccgtgaactgattgctattatgttgatccctgggctGattcgccgcagccgctctac
>ECK120009992 hlpAp           forward 200455 Sigma24 Strong
cgatgactttaggcgatcaatataagatcgccgggccacgcaaagaactgcaccctccggTgcaaatgggatggtaaggag
>ECK120010013 impp3 reverse 57336 Sigma24 Strong
ggccacgccaatgatttttccccaatactgcatatattccccaaatcgacacacggatatCagggctatctcccacaatat
>ECK120016715 lhrp forward 1728353 Sigma24 Strong
caagtaatatttgtcataatgcgcgctgcaatttatccgtattaagagaatcagatgtccGataacgctcaacttaccggt
>ECK120030206 lptAp1 forward 3343326 Sigma24 Strong
cctctgaagacctcgtcacgttatacggaacaacatttaactccagcggtctgaaaatgcGcggcaacttacgcagcaaga
>ECK120016578 lptBp           forward 3343396 Sigma24 Strong
acgcagcaagaacgccgagctgattgaaaaggttagaacatcctatgaaattcaaaacaaAcaaactcagccttaatcttg
>ECK120009997 lpxDp           forward 200960 Sigma24 Strong
acgccgttgcttacaacagcagcgatgtaaaagacatcactgccgacgtactgaaacaggTtaaataagtaatgccttcaa
>ECK120009962 lpxPp           forward 2495578 Sigma24 Strong
tgtcctgactagtctttacactctttacaggaaccattgtcgtacatgatggcccaaccaAttgagtgtaccgctgtcgac
>ECK120016707 malQp reverse 3550399 Sigma24 Strong
aaaatatctttatttttggtcataccgtggaacaagtgaaggcaattctggccaaaggctAcgacccggtgaaatggcgga
>ECK120030785 micAp forward 2814802 Sigma24 Strong
ctccggtaatttttttaaaaattttctgaactctttcttcccaggcgagtctgagtatatGaaagacgcgcatttgttatc
>ECK125165944 micLp           reverse 1958747 Sigma24 Strong
gcactgcaaggtttatcaaaaattatggaacttattgcccatcgtgatgctccaatcattAtggccggagcaggagtccgt
>ECK120016713 narWp reverse 1538687 Sigma24 Strong
tggagtacgcatggtttaacaacgtcgaaaccaaaccgggcattggttatccgaaaaactGggaagatcaggaagagtggc
>ECK120016710 plsBp           reverse 4256598 Sigma24 Strong
atccagtggtattattggccattgaaagaacctttttacattatgagcgtcaatatcagtGtaccgttaaatccgatgatt
>ECK120009965 psdp reverse 4390638 Sigma24 Strong
gtgagttcggcctctggcacctggagccggaacaaatcactcagggctttgtcgaattccAtgactatttaggtctgtgta
>ECK120009996 rfaDp4 forward 3793970 Sigma24 Strong
gattcggatgtgatggtatgattacagacattcgtgtctgagattgtctctgactccataAttcgaaggttacagttatga
>ECK120016716 rnlBp           forward 2766707 Sigma24 Strong
cctgactactgtatgttactttatcctgaactacgcaccattgaaggtgtcttaaaaagtAagatgagtgggttaggcatg
>ECK120033261 rpoDp4 forward 3212693 Sigma24 Strong
tacaaataatgctgccacccttgaaaaactgtcgatgtgggacgatatagcagataagaaTattgctgagcaaaccttcac
>ECK120010515 rpoHp3 reverse 3600870 Sigma24 Strong
tgcgtaatttattcacaagcttgcattgaacttgtggataaaatcacggtctgataaaacAgtgaatgataacctcgttgc
>ECK120010580 rseAp3 reverse 2709632 Sigma24 Strong
aagtggcggcgcgttgaaagaaatttcgaaccctgagaacttaatgttgtcagaagaactGagacagatagttttccgaac
>ECK120010009 rsePp           forward 196470 Sigma24 Strong
caggaattaaggacagcggtcatttaattccaggacacggtggtattttagatcgtattgAtagcctgacggctgcggtac
>ECK120016712 rutRp            forward 1074134 Sigma24 Strong
ttattaatctgttaacattacgttatctaaaatatctggtaaaaagtggactaaacggtcAaaacagttgcacataaaaca
>ECK120030786 rybBp            reverse 888057 Sigma24 Strong
aaaatgaaatttttttgcacaaccgcagaacttttccgcagggcatcagtcttaattagtGccactgcttttctttgatgt
>ECK120009967 sbmAp forward 396553 Sigma24 Strong
tcgaaacaattcttatggtcaggctggcgaactaagcgccttgctatgggtcacaatgggCggtttcatttggctgacgct
>ECK120033256 wzap2 reverse 2137193 Sigma24 Strong
taaataaacaatgatgaaatccaaaatgaaattgatgccattattggtgtcagtaaccttGataagcggttgcacagtact
>ECK120009963 ybaBp forward 493709 Sigma24 Strong
cgcgacccgtgggcggcacaggtgagccaactttcgctaccaaaactggtcgaacaggtgGcgttaaatgcctggaaagag
>ECK120016584 ybfHp            reverse 716641 Sigma24 Strong
ataaagtcattttttattcaaatataaggaacttaatatttaaaaaatgttccatacaatTcctcatcataaatgacaccg
>ECK120016714 ydhIp            forward 1720998 Sigma24 Strong
ttttcagaaattgcgcgtaaatttttcgcacttaaagaatatttattaatctaacgcaatAtattcggtcgtaaaggaatc
>ECK120009969 yeaYp            reverse 1890561 Sigma24 Strong
tttatttacgtaacaacgtcgcatggaagaaacttccgggcaaagaatgaatcttaagagTatgccctgagaaaaaaagga
>ECK120016565 yfeKp            forward 2537315 Sigma24 Strong
ccgatgatcctcatcgtaatccaaccgaaactttacctgattctggcagtcaaatcggctAtcacaaaacaaggataaggt
>ECK120009972 yfeYp            reverse 2551243 Sigma24 Strong
gcttgtttttatgaagtaaaagaataacggcactttttggtgaatttgcactccaagcaaCgttattgaataaccaaagga
>ECK120010000 yggNp1 reverse 3101798 Sigma24 Strong
caaactggatgaggtacgcaccagcgaacttttcgacgtttggtgggactaagaaagcatAcgggcgatgacaaatgcaaa
>ECK120010001 yggNp2 reverse 3101744 Sigma24 Strong
aagcatacgggcgatgacaaatgcaaaactgcctgatgcgctacgcttatcaggcctggaAagatgcacgatcgagtaggc
>ECK120010010 yghFp            reverse 3112899 Sigma24 Strong
aatacagacaaagagcatctgcgaaaaattgcacgcgggatgttctggctgatgctgcttAttatttctgcaaaaatggcg
>ECK120010002 ygiMp forward 3201104 Sigma24 Strong
attttgcgccaaattgccatgcaacgggcaatttgacgggcgtaaaagtttgaagcagtgGcaagacctgacacagaggat
>ECK120016574 ygiMp2 forward 3201042 Sigma24 Strong
ttatgtcacataagtgacgatgaacggcgaacttaatgcgatcttttttgtcagtagataGtattttgcgccaaattgcca
>ECK120016708 yhjJp            reverse 3682016 Sigma24 Strong
tgagttcaggtttatttcacttcttccgtgacattttcatgttcttgcggtctaacacgaAgtgtttttaacgtcatttag
>ECK120033257 yiaKp2 forward 3742720 Sigma24 Strong
tatatttgaaatcaagtttcgcatattgaaattttaagccaaaaaagcgatcaaaaaaacAaggaagcctgggatgaaagt
>ECK120016718 yicJp reverse 3836664 Sigma24 Strong
aaaacaagttgatttgatatattaaatgaacaaattaatcttgatggcagtctgattattGgtgaagtttatagtcagttt
>ECK120010004 yidQp            forward 3867544 Sigma24 Strong
ccagaacacccatcaggcgcgtcctcatcggctacgatgtaaaaatgggtctggaaatgaActtttcaagccttatcagcg
>ECK120016709 yieEp            forward 3893829 Sigma24 Strong
aaagttgtaataagcttgtctgaatcgaacttttagccgctttagtctgtccatcattccAgtaaatgattactcttgtat
>ECK120009970 yiiSp forward 4112869 Sigma24 Strong
gcaaatgacaatacccggaaaatccttctgaactcttcaccttaagcaatatcaaaaaaaAtggtaatccataagatcatt
>ECK120010007 yqjAp2 forward 3247643 Sigma24 Strong
gacctttgttacaattagattcaatttgaatttatgtttttgaatgctttcttatctcacGatttaacagggaatagttca
>ECK120010003 yraPp            forward 3296349 Sigma24 Strong
atccgcattccttcgcatcgtagtgctcgcattcaggaaatgcatatgctgacggtaaatTgcctgtgcgatctgatcgat
>ECK120016576 yraPp2 forward 3296072 Sigma24 Strong
aacggagcggcccagcttacctgccattgcactaaatactgataatgttgtcttaacggcGattgccaacgatcgcttaca
>ECK120010005 ytfJp reverse 4439286 Sigma24 Strong
gcgggaaattcgataaatagcacatatgattaaaactcagacccaagtggtcggatcaccTgcatatcataagaaggaaac
>ECK120009893 aerp reverse 3219120 Sigma28 Strong
aattgcgatctaaatcaaattaatcggttaaagataaccgcagcggggccgacataaactCtgacaagaagttaacaacca
>ECK120010568 fliAp2           reverse 2001808 Sigma28 Strong
acccactaatcgtccgattaaaaaccctgcagaaacggataatcatgccgataactcataTaacgcagggctgtttatcgt
>ECK120009887 fliCp reverse 2003676 Sigma28 Strong
aaaaatggctgtttttgaaaaaaattctaaaggttgttttacgacagacgataacagggtTgacggcgattgagccgacgg
>ECK120010634 fliLp2           forward 2019595 Sigma28 Strong
ccgcgtcttttccccgctttgttgcgctcaagacgcaggataattagccgataagcagtaGcgacacaggaagaccgcaac
>ECK120015403 hemLp reverse 174921 Sigma28 Strong
gcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacatagaaTagcagccattcactttttct
>ECK120009894 tarp reverse 1972716 Sigma28 Strong
caatttcgcggcgggtggcatcagcaataaagtttcccccctccttgccgataacgagatCaacttgttttcaggaaggtg
>ECK120034223 trgp1            forward 1492439 Sigma28 Strong
tgtgacgcaaagaggtttttggtcataagtaattaccgtcaagtgccgatgactttctatCaggagtaaacctggacgaga
>ECK120009889 tsrp forward 4591633 Sigma28 Strong
ctcggcgtaatctccgcgggatattcataaagtttttcctttccaggccgaaaatcttgcAtcggtccacaggaaagagaa
>ECK120015380 vesp reverse 1824984 Sigma28 Strong
agttgtaaaaaaagcctgatcaccactaacgtaaatcacccgagttgccgataaccatccAcggttacctgaacgataaca
>ECK125136603 ybfAp8 forward 729082 Sigma28 Strong
agtggtcggatgagtagtaaaattacacaaaaggcggtactattttcatcagataaacaaAttcatttttccggtgccatt
>ECK120016342 bssSp1 reverse 1121058 Sigma32 Strong
gctgttttattgttcatataaatcttaaaagcagaaatttatctgtttccccctttaaaaAttcggtgaatacccttactt
>ECK120016343 bssSp2 reverse 1121032 Sigma32 Strong
aaaagcagaaatttatctgtttccccctttaaaaattcggtgaatacccttacttattggTatactgaagttgcttcagat
>ECK120033609 canp reverse 142703 Sigma32 Strong
ttacgttcttacactttatctgtggtttaaatcgtcccggagttgccctatattagccaaAcgtaattatttggttacagg
>ECK120010365 clpBp            reverse 2734205 Sigma32 Strong
ttttcacattaatctggtcaataaccttgaataattgagggatgacctcatttaatctccAgtagcaactttgatccgtta
>ECK120033634 clpPp3 forward 456605 Sigma32 Strong
gcgtaacaacaaaagattgttatgcttgaaatatggtgatgccgtacccataacacagggActagctgataatccgtccat
>ECK120033625 creAp2 forward 4635243 Sigma32 Strong
ttaaacattctctgtaagtgccacttggaataacctgctttcgccgctacattgtcgagcGacaggggctgatccagatga
>ECK120010272 dnaKp1 forward 12048 Sigma32 Strong
gcacaaaaaatttttgcatctcccccttgatgacgtggtttacgaccccatttagtagtcAaccgcagtgagtgagtctgc
>ECK120010273 dnaKp2 forward 12123 Sigma32 Strong
gtctgcaaaaaaatgaaattgggcagttgaaaccagacgtttcgcccctattacagactcAcaaccacatgatgaccgaat
>ECK120010510 dnaKp3 forward 12144 Sigma32 Strong
ggcagttgaaaccagacgtttcgcccctattacagactcacaaccacatgatgaccgaatAtatagtggagacgtttagat
>ECK120009900 fxsAp            forward 4368603 Sigma32 Strong
ctaccaaaaatagttgcgcaaacatcttgaaattttgctaatgaccacaatataagctaaAcgcgattcgcaacccattca
>ECK120010335 gapAp2 forward 1862618 Sigma32 Strong
atcacatttttatcgtaattgccctttaaaattcggggcgccgaccccatgtggtctcaaGcccaaaggaagagtgaggcg
>ECK120033614 glnSp2 forward 705999 Sigma32 Strong
aagcggtggagatcttctctgccgctttttttttcatcaatcatccccataatccttgttAgattatcaattttaaaaaac
>ECK120010058 groSp            forward 4370616 Sigma32 Strong
cagaattttttttctttttcccccttgaaggggcgaagcctcatccccatttctctggtcAccagccgggaaaccacgtaa
>ECK120010367 grpEp            reverse 2750747 Sigma32 Strong
gattgatgacaatgtgagtgcttcccttgaaaccctgaaactgatccccataataagcgaAgttagcgagatgaatgcgaa
>ECK120033631 hepAp2 reverse 63588 Sigma32 Strong
agaaaaccaaaagcgtggtcgccccttgcaatatcagaatcgcggcaccattaagtacgtAtggaccaccaacggcccgga
>ECK120033624 holCp            reverse 4484273 Sigma32 Strong
cgctgcggtgtatacctgatgcgtatttaaatccaccacaagaagccccatttatgaaaaAcgcgacgttctaccttctgg
>ECK120033627 hslRp            forward 3529110 Sigma32 Strong
gagcataccggtctggacgcacaccttgatttattactttccacccacacatttggttatCcgaaagaggatcagcggtta
>ECK120010429 hslVp            reverse 4122354 Sigma32 Strong
atacaaactgcattcggctcgccgccgggggttgaaaccctcaaaatcccccccatctatAattgcattatgccccgtact
>ECK120010500 htgAp1 forward 10644 Sigma32 Strong
gtggggcagtgtctacgatcttttgaggggaaaatgaaaattttccccggtttccggtatCagacctgagtggcgctaacc
>ECK120010296 htpGp1 forward 495075 Sigma32 Strong
acgagagcaggatcacctgctctcgcttgaaattattctcccttgtccccatctctcccaCatcctgtttttaaccttaaa
>ECK120010336 htpXp            reverse 1912618 Sigma32 Strong
tctggtgacttacgcactatccagacttgaaaatagtcgcgtaacccatacgatgtgggtAtcgcatattgcgttttgtta
>ECK120010456 ibpAp            reverse 3867518 Sigma32 Strong
tgcaaaaaaaagtccgctgataaggcttgaaaagttcatttccagacccatttttacatcGtagccgatgaggacgcgcct
>ECK120033608 ileSp3           forward 22229 Sigma32 Strong
cagctggaagtgcatttgttagatgttgcaatggacctttacggtcgccatatacaagtaGtgctgcgtaaaaaaatacgc
>ECK120033622 lapAp1 forward 1340135 Sigma32 Strong
aacgagaacaagaaagttaacgctggttgattttccgaatttagcccttaaatcatcaacAatgcgtgtggatgccatttc
>ECK120016344 ldhAp            reverse 1442915 Sigma32 Strong
gaaggttgcgcctacactaagcatagttgttgatgaatttttcaatatcgccatagctttCaattaaatttgaaattttgt
>ECK120010455 lonp forward 458815 Sigma32 Strong
taatttttcctctattctcggcgttgaatgtgggggaaacatccccatatactgacgtacAtgttaatagatggcgtgaag
>ECK120010136 metAp1 forward 4214233 Sigma32 Strong
aactttctcaccttcaacatgcaggctcgacattggcaaattttctggttatcttcagctAtctggatgtctaaacgtata
>ECK120033729 miaAp2 forward 4398982 Sigma32 Strong
agtctgccctggcggaattgggtattgatttccagtcagatgcacagcatgtgaccatcaGggcagtgcctttacccttac
>ECK120033727 mutLp2 forward 4397046 Sigma32 Strong
ctgctgggtggggcgggtgatgtgctggcgaacagtcagtctgacccctatttaagccagGcggtgctggatttacagttc
>ECK120010082 mutMp reverse 3811175 Sigma32 Strong
taacaaaaaacctcgctccggcggggttttttgttatctgcttgcccccatattgactgcAtctgttcattcctggagatg
>ECK120033612 narPp            forward 2290422 Sigma32 Strong
atgatgccaaagcgaacgacaaggttgtagttttcactacatgtccatacataaaatgggGtaacattcacgcgcctggta
>ECK120033626 nfuAp2 forward 3545458 Sigma32 Strong
cgcaacctgaaaaatgcctttcgtcttgaattgcccgtgcaaggtcgccatatggtgattGtggatgatgtcgttaccacc
>ECK120033615 phoPp3 reverse 1190491 Sigma32 Strong
tttttcactttacctcccctccccgctggtttatttaatgtttacccccataaccacataAtcgcgttacactattttaat
>ECK120033613 pncCp reverse 2824394 Sigma32 Strong
taatcagcttttttctgaatcctcctcgtaaaattgcaacgccaacaccatcttcctgacGaaagtgctatcttgtccggc
>ECK120009968 pphAp reverse 1923385 Sigma32 Strong
attcagattgatgatcctaacaatcccggcgaaaaaatgagtctggcaccgtttatagaaCgagctgaaaaactctgttaa
>ECK120010557 ppiDp1 forward 461838 Sigma32 Strong
cttttttatttgtattcggtgactttctgcgtcttgtgggctgacaattgcccccgtttcTtgtcacaataggcctttgcg
>ECK120033618 prlCp             reverse 3645238 Sigma32 Strong
cgccgcgaaagcgtaacgtttctcattgaaattcactacacttaaccccatgctacacacAttatgtaaagcgcctgttga
>ECK120033709 raiAp             forward 2737104 Sigma32 Strong
aaaagattcgttgacaaaaagtgacaaaattatgagattttcatcacacattttgacatcAggaacggtatgctgaattca
>ECK120033635 rdgBp             forward 3096620 Sigma32 Strong
cgggttgccaaaagccaggtggtgattgaaaaaggcgaacttggccgccacaaacaaattAaaatcattaatccgcaacaa
>ECK120010457 rfaDp3 forward 3793865 Sigma32 Strong
gcactattcacatgcaaaaccaacatccgccatgaaggactagctaaaacccaaactagtTtgttgcaattagcatccttg
>ECK120033610 ribEp             forward 434504 Sigma32 Strong
ccgcggattatgcacgctgccagggcttgagaaattagccgacgccccccaatttaaattCaaagagatacgtcatgtagg
>ECK120010388 rlmEp2 reverse 3327731 Sigma32 Strong
atcgtattttttgcttacgttgggattgaaaacgggtcattctaccgccatctcccatatAtcaccaaataggcgcgtaaa
>ECK120033628 rnlAp             forward 2765906 Sigma32 Strong
tttagcaaatcaatacacttcaggggggtattattgtagagtttccccatatgtttctatGggatccaggaaatgacaatc
>ECK120033713 rpmEp forward 4126908 Sigma32 Strong
cacattgccgtagaagagtgcggatcagtttgcatacgctggttaatttctgtatgatttCgcgccttcgtacgaaatgat
>ECK120010458 rrsBp1 forward 4166367 Sigma32 Strong
cagaaaattattttaaatttcctcttgtcaggccggaataactccctataatgcgccaccActgacacggaacaacggcaa
>ECK120009872 rrsDp1 reverse 3429047 Sigma32 Strong
cagaaaaaaagatcaaaaaaatacttgtgcaaaaaattgggatccctataatgcgcctccGttgagacgacaacgtgaaac
>ECK120009870 rrsHp1 forward 223485 Sigma32 Strong
tgaaataaaaatgcatttttccgcttgtcttcctgagccgactccctataatgcgcctccAtcgacacggcggatgtgaat
>ECK120011047 sdaAp forward 1896809 Sigma32 Strong
ctatacttatctttacatctacaaaacactacttgagacaatcatcgcaatattagttaaAtcgcggtttttgattagttt
>ECK120010491 topAp1 forward 1330980 Sigma32 Strong
tcgtgaacagagtcacgacaaggggttgatatccgcagagagcgagtccatatcggtaacTcgttgccagtggaaggttta
>ECK120010437 trmAp reverse 4163295 Sigma32 Strong
ctcacaaataggaattcatcaagatctggacatctgatgagcaatccctacaatcgccgcGtactttaatttttcaggata
>ECK120033633 xerDp             reverse 3039851 Sigma32 Strong
ttctgccgccatttcggtgtaacaggtgctggaaccgtaaaaaagacccatattcataacGtaagcttctcgattctgctg
>ECK120033632 yafDp             forward 231064 Sigma32 Strong
gcacttgcttacataacaatatacaattgctcgttgaaagagtgagctaaaatccctataAcagtagaaccctcccgagtg
>ECK120016346 ybbNp1 reverse 518490 Sigma32 Strong
caaccagacgcaaagtgataaaccagtcgaaaatcccggcatcgccgcccgctttacgttGggaccggaagcggtggtgga
>ECK120033619 ybeDp reverse 662706 Sigma32 Strong
cactggtttggttaaaaattaaacacttgaaagtgtaatttccgtccccatatactaagcAtcagtaaaaaactcccgcct
>ECK120033620 ybeZp            reverse 693469 Sigma32 Strong
tctcaggcctgccgttccggtgggccttgttttttctctctttatccccatctttattgcAatgcttgcgcctttttcctg
>ECK120033621 yceJp            reverse 1119071 Sigma32 Strong
atcattcaatttgttatttttgtgttgcaattcattctccgacacgccattttctttctcTcgcaaattcgttttggatgc
>ECK120033623 ycjXp            forward 1384069 Sigma32 Strong
tcgccggtcgatgacaacacgggcagttgataatcaatggcctggcccccacattcatatCcttacgaatgattttttttc
>ECK120033611 ydhQp reverse 1746202 Sigma32 Strong
acaacccaataattcgtgtatcagagtttaaacagagttgtttgccaccatctcaaatctGtcgtggataaatcctccgta
>ECK120033616 ygbFp            reverse 2878915 Sigma32 Strong
gcttatagaggacgtgcttgccgctggagaaatacaaccgccggccccacctgaagatgcAcagcctgttgccattccgct
>ECK120033617 yhdNp reverse 3439546 Sigma32 Strong
acgtaaaaaaacccgccccggcgggtttttttatacccgtagtatccccacttatctacaAtagctgtactctttttgttc
>ECK120010496 yjaZp            forward 4189753 Sigma32 Strong
agatgactaatatcctgaaactgactgaactaattgagtcaaactcggcaaggattcgatActattcctgtgtaactttct
>ECK120010669 acnAp1 forward 1335424 Sigma38
aatgttccgtcgttattccagacgactggcaactaacatcgcagcagcaagcctttatagAactgtttgctgaagatgatc
>ECK120011025 adap             reverse 2310427 Sigma38
aaaaattaaagcgcaagattgttggtttttgcgtgatggtgaccgggcagcctaaaggctAtccttaaccagggagctgat
>ECK120010249 adhEp1 reverse 1298413 Sigma38
ttgttatctagttgtgcaaaacatgctaatgtagccaccaaatcatactacaatttattaActgttagctataatggcgaa
>ECK120010740 adhEp2 reverse 1298309 Sigma38
tttgcaaaaatttgatttggatcacgtaatcagtacccagaagtgagtaatcttgcttacGccacctggaagtgacgcatt
>ECK120026309 adrAp            forward 403687 Sigma38
tacgaaaatggctcacccgaaatatcatacttctgcctttagctccgtctctataatttgGgaaaattgtttctgaatgtt
>ECK120010200 aldBp            reverse 3756535 Sigma38
gctgtcgtaaagctgttaccgactggcgaagatttcgccagtcacgtctacccttgttatAcctcacaccgcaaggagacg
>ECK120015417 ansPp1 reverse 1526011 Sigma38
gaataatggtgataactatcatcgccaggatgaataaacattgttcatggcaacttatatGactttttcattaaagcaatc
>ECK125138137 appYp2 forward 583656 Sigma38
gcacatcatcctgattatgattgtgtatttaattggttgttatttgactactatcaacttGttttaattttatgataggtg
>ECK125138135 araFp2 reverse 1986148 Sigma38
aatgctttgttttccgattaatttaacgaatgtcattcgtttttgccctacacaaaacgaCactaaagctggagagaacca
>ECK120034543 artPp1 reverse 903815 Sigma38
ccgcccccgttattttgtgctatgtttattgaataatgcgctttgcttttaacttttaaaGcagaaatattgcataattat
>ECK120034544 artPp2 reverse 903836 Sigma38
gacatttatgctcgccgaccaccgcccccgttattttgtgctatgtttattgaataatgcGctttgcttttaacttttaaa
>ECK120009899 asrp forward 1671327 Sigma38
gttacacgctgaaaccaaccactcacggaagtctgccattcccagggatatagttatttcAacggccccgcagtggggtta
>ECK120010717 blcp reverse 4377745 Sigma38
catcgggtccgaattttcggaccttttctccgcttttccttgctgtcatctacacttagaAaaaaaccagtaaggaaacat
>ECK120010732 cfap1            forward 1741201 Sigma38
tacttaggctgctaacaaaattttgttgtatgattgaaattagcggcctatactaatttcGagttgttaaagctacgataa
>ECK120010733 cfap2            forward 1741379 Sigma38
agactcgcggttttttctgcgagatttctcacaaagcccaaaaagcgtctacgctgttttAaggttctgatcaccgaccag
>ECK120033636 crlp1            forward 257810 Sigma38
gatcgaaaaacgcttgtgttaaaaatttgctaaattttgccaatttggtaaaacagttgcAtcacaacaggagatagcaat
>ECK120010359 crrpI forward 2535610 Sigma38
aggcaaatggactggcatgtgtggtgagcttgctggcgatgaacgtgctacacttctgttGctggggatgggtctggacga
>ECK120010480 csgDp1 reverse 1103344 Sigma38
agttacatttagttacatgtttaacacttgatttaagatttgtaatggctagattgaaatCagatgtaatccattagtttt
>ECK120009988 csiDp            forward 2788927 Sigma38
ataagaaaacaatatgtcgcttttgtgcgcatttttcagaaatgtagatatttttagattAtggctacgaaatgagcatcg
>ECK120034290 csrAp3 reverse 2819273 Sigma38
aacgctatcgacaacgataaagtcaggttgaagttgtgtatatcggctaaacttaggtttAacagaatgtaatgccatgac
>ECK120034309 dkgAp forward 3156571 Sigma38
cccgctaagctttttacgcctcaaactttcgttttcgggcatttcgtccagacttaagttCacaacacctcaccggagcct
>ECK120010409 dnaNp1 reverse 3882733 Sigma38
aacgacattcgtttgccgggcgaagtggcgttctttatcgccaagcgtctacgatctaacGtacgtgagctggaaggggcg
>ECK120010408 dnaNp2 reverse 3882590 Sigma38
tgaggcgctgcgcgacttgctggcattgcaggaaaaactggtcaccatcgacaatattcaGaagacggtggcggagtacta
>ECK120034936 ecnBp forward 4376509 Sigma38
ttctcttccgaaaaatcatcagattcccatcatttttggcgatgttgtctattattaattTgctataggcaaacataaata
>ECK120015388 evgAp1 forward 2483641 Sigma38
tccctgattttattgttgacatttcatttatgccgactatttatatggtatacttgtcgaAttatcttaaaggaagctcag
>ECK120010152 fadLp            forward 2461205 Sigma38
tttgaaaaaagatagaaacatacttgcaacattccagctggtccgacctatactctcgccActggtctgatttctaagatg
>ECK120017001 fbaBp            reverse 2178667 Sigma38
gcgctaacattttttctgatgaatcgagccaacagaaaacgctgaaaaaacatccaaaagAtggaaaaactcgcccgtaac
>ECK120010260 ftsQp1 forward 102867 Sigma38
tactcggtgaagaaattttaccgtcaatacgtattcaaccgtccggaaccttctatgattAtgaggcgaagtatctctctg
>ECK120010550 ftsQp2 forward 102742 Sigma38
cagtgtgggaatgtcaaaagtagtagcagaaaatgctctacaagatgcattaagattggcAtttcagcacgatgaagaagt
>ECK120010172 fumCp reverse 1686709 Sigma38
cagatacaactcacacaatgcacccgctgtgtgaaataaacagagccgcccttcggggcgGtttttttacatggcacgaaa
>ECK120010047 gabDp2 forward 2790912 Sigma38
gagattttgggctcgtcggggattcgccgggtgctgcaaaaccatctacgctcaggactgGgcgagatgaaaaactcgctg
>ECK120010708 gadAp reverse 3667607 Sigma38
tatttaaattaagcctgtaatgccttgcttccattgcggataaatcctacttttttattgCcttcaaataaatttaaggag
>ECK120010707 gadBp reverse 1572072 Sigma38
tatttaaacacgagtcctttgcacttgcttactttatcgataaatcctacttttttaatgCgatccaatcattttaaggag
>ECK120010087 gadEp            forward 3658345 Sigma38
atattgaacaacgattcggacaaggatgtaaataatgaaaaggatgacatattcgaaacgAtaacggctaaggagcaagtt
>ECK120010049 gadEp1 forward 3658242 Sigma38
ttaggatcaatatatggagtgcgtgatggataaatctgaagtattgattagtgttaatagAcgtattagttcacgaagggt
>ECK120009924 gadXp reverse 3665839 Sigma38
tttaaatttatttatcaatcaatttgacttaagagggcggcgtgctacattaataaacagTaatatgtttatgtaatatta
>ECK120010089 gadYp            forward 3664864 Sigma38
atagcttatgtttataaaaaaatggctgatcttatttccagtaaaagttatatttaacttActgagagcacaaagtttccc
>ECK120010566 glgCp3 reverse 3569571 Sigma38
tttggtggagaatcgctggtgggaagaaggcgacggcaatgtccgttggctaaatcgataTgctcaacctttaagcacgga
>ECK120010511 glgSp1 reverse 3192012 Sigma38
ttcactaaaaagtgtgatcggggacaatatatttacgcacgttatgtttaaaggcactacActgattggggaatactgaaa
>ECK120009989 gmrp             reverse 1346843 Sigma38
tttttaactgactttcgtttgaaaactggcgtttttccaaaactggattacaaataaataTataaaaaaaacaatgcgttt
>ECK125138138 gpmMp2 forward 3785187 Sigma38
gacgaaaaaaaagcgtaaatctggcatcggcttgccgcgagcggtcgtatattttgatctTcagaggctattttatcgatt
>ECK120030783 hchAp2 forward 2035630 Sigma38
tccacagcactaaatctctccccgccaccccgtacctctgataatggtctaaaatcattgAagccacttgcgacgacgttg
>ECK120010767 hdeAp reverse 3656791 Sigma38
tctgattttgatattttccatcaacatgacatatacagaaaaccaggttataacctcagtGtcgaaattgattcgtgacgg
>ECK120010232 ihfAp4 reverse 1795721 Sigma38
gatattttatccgaatgtaagaaagttggcgtaaatcaggtagttggcgtaaacttatttGacgtgtaccgcggtaagggt
>ECK120010233 ihfBp            forward 963749 Sigma38
tttattccgaagtttgttgagtttacttgacagattgcaggtttcgtcctgtaatcaagcActaagggcggctacggccgc
>ECK125138133 insC-5p forward 3186040 Sigma38
gttcgcccggccacatcattaacggattaatgataagtggatcagatgtataaaaaattaAaattaaccacaataagcgaa
>ECK125138134 insN-1p forward 270226 Sigma38
tttgctaagagcttcattcatgaatccttttcactagggatgaagtggtttactgaatttGgccacctgaacagaggtgat
>ECK120022001 iraDp2 forward 4556856 Sigma38
gacttttttcctgaaaagtcagtagatattcataggcaagtaaggttttatactttgctgAcaggattcaggcctgtctca
>ECK120010333 katEp            forward 1813814 Sigma38
aacaccgtttccagaatagtctccgaagcgggatctggctggtggtctatagttagagagTtttttgaccaaaacagcggc
>ECK125134701 luxSp1 reverse 2815065 Sigma38
tgcttcgataatcccgatctgactttctctgcccgtatcttaaggtctatgattgatactGgtattggcggaacaggcaaa
>ECK125141559 mnmGp reverse 3925674 Sigma38
atacccaggatcccaggtctttctcaagccgacaaagttgagtagaatccacggcccgggCttcaatccattttcataccg
>ECK120015420 msyBp reverse 1114213 Sigma38
atcgaactgatttttcgcctttcatacttgcaaaagcggagaatcagctatccttttcccTgaaacctcatcaactcaaag
>ECK120010761 mutSp forward 2857019 Sigma38
accagcatcaagaactcgccgttcgcttcttcccctgaaatgattaactccggtatcatgTgcgccttatgtgattacaac
>ECK120009983 nhaAp2 forward 17317 Sigma38
tacttttcctaattaatccctcaggaatcctcaccttaagctatgattatctaggcttagGgtcactcgtgagcgcttaca
>ECK120011008 ompFp reverse 987092 Sigma38
ctttatctttgtagcactttcacggtagcgaaacgttagtttgaatggaaagatgcctgcAgacacataaagacaccaaac
>ECK120010475 osmBp1 reverse 1343476 Sigma38
ctggttgataattaagactatttacctgttattaacactctcaagatataaaattattatCagcgatataacaggaagtca
>ECK120010489 osmCp2 forward 1556606 Sigma38
attcggaatatcctgcttatcctcgtgctgtttctcacgtagtctataatttcctttttaAgcccacaggagagcaacaat
>ECK120010077 osmFp reverse 2219523 Sigma38
attctgcaactgaatccttccgctcaagctaaccccgccattatcaactatgcttttctcTtaattcgctgaaaacaacag
>ECK120010478 otsAp            reverse 1981651 Sigma38
catcatggcgactggcgggtgtgccggatgtctggagctggcttgaaatgataaccaccgCattacaacaaaaaagagaaa
>ECK120010477 otsBp            reverse 1982465 Sigma38
tttcccaccatagccaaccgccataacggttggctgttcttcgttgcaaatggcgaccccCgtcacactgtctatacttac
>ECK120015396 otsBp2 reverse 1982442 Sigma38
taacggttggctgttcttcgttgcaaatggcgacccccgtcacactgtctatacttacatGtctgtaaagcgcgttctgcg
>ECK120011009 oxyRp            forward 4158457 Sigma38
tgagcaattatcagtcagaatgcttgatagggataatcgttcattgctattctacctatcGccatgaactatcgtggcgat
>ECK125137791 panZp7 forward 3597958 Sigma38
ctgccaaaagaaataaaaaagagaaagcctccgattaaattatttcgctacactggttccActtttgtgatttacacgggt
>ECK120009956 patAp            forward 3219458 Sigma38
gtgtttatcccgattttcgcgatcgcagccggagtggcgcaatccctgcaatacttaaatCggtatcatgtgatacgcgag
>ECK125122034 pcnBp4 reverse 159391 Sigma38
aagtgccagattacattcatctgccgctggcgcttaatccacaaggcgctaaactttccaAgcagaatcatgcgcctgcgt
>ECK120010332 pfkBp1 forward 1806351 Sigma38
ctccaataaatcatattgttaatttcttcactttccgctgattcggtgccagactgaaatCagcctataggaggaaatgat
>ECK120015423 pfkBp2 forward 1806323 Sigma38
atatttatctgcaaaattttaaataaagctccaataaatcatattgttaatttcttcactTtccgctgattcggtgccaga
>ECK120010737 poxBp reverse 911076 Sigma38
ttagtgcctcctttctctcccatcccttccccctccgtcagatgaactaaacttgttaccGttatcacattcaggagatgg
>ECK125138136 ppkp             forward 2622977 Sigma38
attcacctgtaaatcgcaagctccagcagtttttttcccccttttctggcatagttggacAtctgccaatattgctcgcca
>ECK120010554 proPp2 forward 4330407 Sigma38
actggtttgattgtacattccttaaccggagggtgtaagcaaacccgctacgcttgttacAgagattgcatcctgcaattc
>ECK120049204 puuAp reverse 1360968 Sigma38
tcatttttgcaaactcaatttaacatttgacaaacatttagtttgcatacagattcgaatGgtggtcattatattttacgc
>ECK125138129 puuCp forward 1362728 Sigma38
catacggcccggggatctctgcgccctgacgttcacaaactgcatatatctgatagacgtGaaacaggagtcataatgaat
>ECK120034217 puuDp forward 1361052 Sigma38
atgtttgtcaaatgttaaattgagtttgcaaaaatgaaaacccactgctagattgaaaaaAtattgaacataaaggtcatt
>ECK120034239 pykFp2 forward 1755600 Sigma38
ggctgagacacaagcacacattcctctgcacgctttttcgatgtcacctatccttagagcGaggcaccaccactttcgtaa
>ECK125241002 rpoEp4 reverse 2710230 Sigma38
ttactggctggtggaggattaggtggtgaaataaaaaggccgttgggttactcttcaggcAgttaaatgggcatttctaca
>ECK120029519 rraAp            reverse 4119358 Sigma38
caaatatcaattaacaattgatgattttgccaacagcccacatagcgcgatatactgaaaAttctcgcagcaactgaatgt
>ECK120010768 rsdp1            reverse 4196954 Sigma38
gatcgaaatttgccgcttcgccatatggcaattctcccttcggcaaccataatttttgttCatggctgacgacccaccagc
>ECK120016351 rssAp            forward 1289106 Sigma38
atcaggtgcaaccttttcaccagacacataagggtggcaacataggctatactcgacagcActaccacagggacaaagctg
>ECK120016350 rssBp            forward 1290220 Sigma38
ttatctacacttaagttaattctgacaggcgcaggtggcaatagcatgccactattgagtAaagccagtcaggggagagaa
>ECK120030811 ryjAp            reverse 4278066 Sigma38
tgcggttaaaaagtatacttttacactggcgaagaaacgtcggtgacatacaattaaagcAtcaacaccaaccggaacctc
>ECK125230253 sdsNp2 forward 1996880 Sigma38
ccttatcctgcatagtaaaccgcaacgcccctgagagtgagtatcatttataatgataatTcaaactatcacataaataag
>ECK120032979 sdsRp           reverse 1923207 Sigma38
tttttattgaccattttgcacgcaaactggaaaacctggcgtcgtcatctattcttaaagGgcaaggcaactaagcctgca
>ECK120034237 sodCp reverse 1724679 Sigma38
gtaagcacttttaggaatagccgccgttcaaaaatgtgtcactggtttacacttattcagGaatgcacaatgaacggaggt
>ECK120010376 speBp reverse 3083946 Sigma38
gaactgcaacaacagttccttgaagagttcgaggcaggtttgtacggttatacttatcttGaagatgagtaagtcctgtgt
>ECK120009984 srap reverse 1556046 Sigma38
acgatcaattatgtggtcagtggccagcaccctacgctttaaggtgctatgcttgatcggCaacctaatttaggggtttag
>ECK120034945 ssrSp2 forward 3055759 Sigma38
gcagcggacgatctgaaccaacggttgcaagatctgaaagaacgcactagagtcacaaatActgaacagttggtcttcatt
>ECK120010171 sucAp           forward 758586 Sigma38
cgtaacaaagaaatgcaggaaatctttaaaaactgcccctgacactaagacagtttttaaAggttccttcgcgagccacta
>ECK120010102 talAp1 forward 2578588 Sigma38
ctataacactgatgttacctgcttaatccagcaataccatgcctgtctgctatgctttttTgatgcgtttagcgaaatttc
>ECK120015414 talAp2 forward 2578570 Sigma38
aatgttttggtaataatcctataacactgatgttacctgcttaatccagcaataccatgcCtgtctgctatgcttttttga
>ECK120033646 tamp            forward 1607221 Sigma38
gcctataaagatgaagacgcagtggcgttccataaaaccacgccccactacaaaacctgtGtcgcgaaactggaatcttta
>ECK120034938 tolCp4 forward 3178074 Sigma38
ggcacgtaacgccaaccttttgcggtagcggcttctgctagaatccgcaataattttacaGtttgatcgcgctaaatactg
>ECK120010320 treAp           reverse 1247425 Sigma38
tgacagttcgcagaatgagatttcgatcatgcagctagtgcgatcctgaactaaggttttCtgatacttgaataccgtttt
>ECK125138130 treFp           forward 3669551 Sigma38
aacgtgatccaccgcacgctttgtcgcccaccaggcggagcgaatgactacccttaaagaAaagccgataattagcgacga
>ECK120009874 uspBp reverse 3639848 Sigma38
gaatatattgatagtggttaaccttctggaaaaaaaacaacctgatctcctacactatctAtagagccgctcgtatgttgg
>ECK120034197 wrbAp reverse 1067758 Sigma38
ataaatcaaataagtggttgtgaaatttgcactctgaaaaggacgtcttatctttaaataAgtggtagcgaatcgctacgg
>ECK120010738 xthAp           forward 1832399 Sigma38
atcgatcaaatcacttaacaacaggcggtaagcaacgcgaaattctgctaccatccacgcActctttatctgaataaatgg
>ECK120034391 yabIp           forward 71271 Sigma38
gtttcgtgccggttgtgaagaaaaagtgaatgatgtagccgtcaagttgtcataattggtAacgaatcagacaattgacgg
>ECK120010498 yadVp2 reverse 156224 Sigma38
aattgattgaatgaatatacagggaataataatttctattttatattattccctgttttaAttaactctatcagggatggt
>ECK120010703 ybgAp1 forward 738980 Sigma38
gtcctgctacaacaggattaacttcacaaatatcatttctcaacgtctacacttactcctGtaaaccgctcaggagcagta
>ECK120034546 ybgAp2 forward 738920 Sigma38
cagctatggttagaaactacctgacgtcagtccttgcggggagcaggctttcgtaaatttGtcctgctacaacaggattaa
>ECK120015425 ybjPp           reverse 904523 Sigma38
ccttgtttgctaagccttcgatctcaaaagcattatcagactgatacgctattattgaaaGgatatcattattatcgtaga
>ECK125109145 ycgZp           forward 1215752 Sigma38
gcaaaaaattaatttatcattctgtacacatatttcgtacaagtttgctattgttacttcActtaacattgattaacattt
>ECK125138131 yciTp           reverse 1344510 Sigma38
gatattgtgttagatatccttgtggcaggcgattaccactctgcgatccataatctcgagAtacttaaagcagaactcttg
>ECK120020515 yciZp           reverse 1344638 Sigma38
gataattagccgttgctgttaaacacttctcttttagcggcaatttttgcattattcattTtcccccttttgctataagga
>ECK125095197 yddGp reverse 1547205 Sigma38
gcggtagaaaaacgcaccactgcctgacaggccagttaaaaaaatgctataaaattcagcTtaatttttaacggcaagaga
>ECK120034542 ydhYp           reverse 1754642 Sigma38
tgtaattttaattgataacgatcaatgttaagggctcagaataatcacattattttttctCctaaccataaaggattagtt
>ECK120010621 yeiLp           forward 2255290 Sigma38
aaagaaaattcgaccgggccgatgattgaatcttaacaacagcgtacgtatgctaaatatGagaaatctcatagcggataa
>ECK125138132 yffOp           forward 2562053 Sigma38
acgccaaaattagcgctgaattaatgggtaattattgcggtttttgtcaattttcaacctCaattcttgcgaaaaatggca
>ECK120015426 yggEp1 reverse 3068126 Sigma38
ccttgttcagttaggcgctatctgatggaaaaataaaacagaggcgctaagcttgcctccAgaggtcctgaattttgggca
>ECK120015427 yggEp2 reverse 3068185 Sigma38
atgtgttatgtggtttattgccttgcagctggcgagagacggtattgctcatgcacaagcCttgttcagttaggcgctatc
>ECK120033652 yhjGp           reverse 3678412 Sigma38
tttcacgcccggcaccgatagaaacgctgaatacggcggttctggcgctataagctgcctCattttccgcctggctggact
>ECK120015415 yiaGp           forward 3719431 Sigma38
agccagagcatgccctgacttcaccccgctgtgtctgcttttcccgactattcttaatgaGcttcgatgcaattcacgatc
>ECK120009882 yihGp           reverse 4046652 Sigma38
attttttctaatgtggatagatatgaattatttttctccttaaggatcatccgttatttgGgtcgttttctgctaaaatct
>ECK125095219 yjcCp           forward 4275418 Sigma38
atttcaaatcaggcaaaagtgctatttataccgtaagatttatctaaagacgtcggtaccCagggttttcaccttgcaatg
>ECK125145770 yjiYp reverse 4591367 Sigma38
aaataaccactcagttatttaccttactttacgcgcgcgtaactctggcaacatcactacAggatagcggtcaatttacct
>ECK120015416 ytfKp           forward 4439511 Sigma38
ctttaggtaaaaaaagttatacgcggtggaaacattgcccggatagtctatagtcactaaGcattaaaatttgcgcctcat
>ECK120011038 fdhFp           reverse 4299407 Sigma54 Strong
cccgtaatatcagggaatgaccccacataaaatgtggcataaaagatgcatactgtagtcGagagcgcgtatgcgtgattt
>ECK120032981 glmYp1 reverse 2691340 Sigma54 Strong
ataatcagtacgttaccaaactattttctttattggcacagttactgcataatagtaaccAgtggctcattcaccgactta
>ECK120010268 glnAp2 reverse 4058107 Sigma54 Strong
gcatgataacgccttttaggggcaatttaaaagttggcacagatttcgctttatctttttTacggcgacacggccaaaata
>ECK120010230 glnHp2 reverse 848047 Sigma54 Strong
gccgcatctcgaaaaatcaaggagttgcaaaactggcacgattttttcatatatgtgaatGtcacgcaggggatcgtcccg
>ECK120010211 hycAp           reverse 2850461 Sigma54 Strong
ttaaaaatctctttaataacaataaattaaaagttggcacaaaaaatgcttaaagctggcAtctctgttaaacgggtaacc
>ECK120010719 hydNp reverse 2838132 Sigma54 Strong
aattaatttccttaaataacagtaaattaaaaactggcatgatttgtgaatgtatcggcgCattaactgtcattgctggag
>ECK120010759 hyfAp           forward 2601171 Sigma54 Strong
cataacttattgaatatattgagttaatcagaatggcatcctttatgcaatatgaaatgcAatgtttcatatcattttcaa
>ECK120010212 hypAp forward 2850627 Sigma54 Strong
catcgacattattcaccgcagggataatcaacactggcacaattattgcttgtagctggcAatagttaatgggaggcgata
>ECK120010057 ibpBp            reverse 3866981 Sigma54 Strong
gcgaaaaaaccgcgccgtatcgaaatcaactaattccctaaggccgcctggcgcggcctgAcatctccatgctcgccgtca
>ECK120010741 nacp reverse 2061978 Sigma54 Strong
ttggttagcttgtacatcaacaccaaaataaaactggcaagcatcttgcaatctggttgtAagtaatggcggcacttgggc
>ECK120010021 norVp            forward 2832439 Sigma54 Strong
ttatttatagagtaaaaacaatcagataaaaaactggcacgcaatctgcaattagcaagaCatctttttagaacacgctga
>ECK120009904 pspAp forward 1368038 Sigma54 Strong
aatcagatctttataaatcaaaaagataaaaaattggcacgcaaattgtattaacagttcAgcaggacaatcctgaacgca
>ECK120010088 pspGp forward 4262816 Sigma54 Strong
gggcgttttgctgttaaatcaatagattatttttggcatgattcttgtaatgccagcaagAgatttcatatttgggagagc
>ECK125199576 relAp3 reverse 2913700 Sigma54 Strong
tggatatgttcccacacacgggacatctggaatcgatggtacttttctcgcgcgttaaatAgttgcgatttgccgatttcg
>ECK125199577 relAp4 reverse 2914318 Sigma54 Strong
ccgcaccgctaagttcggcagatcgcgaaaaactggaacgcttttcgcattctgaaggccTggatctgtatctcgcccccg
>ECK120010682 rtcBp            reverse 3558107 Sigma54 Strong
tgaattaaaaaattaagctgcttatttaattttctggcacgacggttgcaattatcaggaCagcaaacaacgaaaagagaa
>ECK125095450 xdhAp2 forward 3000265 Sigma54 Strong
cctacctcccctaacgcttatcgtcgtttctggcgtaaatcttgcctgcttagactaaatCtttgccataagaaccaaatg
>ECK120010467 accAp            forward 208411 Sigma70 Strong
gcccgggaaaaatatgctcgcgggcttgctatctcgctgacggacaggcaaattgatgacCagcttttaaaccgactccgt
>ECK120010469 accBp            forward 3405140 Sigma70 Strong
tgaaggttatttacatgttagctgttgattatcttccctgataagaccagtatttagctgCcaattgctacgaaatcgtta
>ECK120010470 accDp            reverse 2434015 Sigma70 Strong
actccgcggttcgaccacttttttatccaaagtttcgggctgttatgttttaatgtgcaaCattcatggtctgttgggggc
>ECK120010987 aceBp            forward 4215402 Sigma70 Strong
tatttttaattaaaatggaaattgtttttgattttgcattttaaatgagtagtcttagttGtgctgaacgaaaagagcaca
>ECK120010281 aceEp            forward 122969 Sigma70 Strong
aaagcgcggcaactaaacgtagaacctgtcttattgagctttccggcgagagttcaatggGacaggttccagaaaactcaa
>ECK120010670 acnAp2 forward 1335781 Sigma70 Strong
tcttttatcaatttgggttgttatcaaatcgttacgcgatgtttgtgttatctttaatatTcaccctgaagagaatcaggg
>ECK120010671 acnBp forward 131519 Sigma70 Strong
tttatgttgcttttttgtaaacagattaacacctcgtcaaaatcctgctattctgcccgtTgcggtactgggcatttaccc
>ECK120010720 acpPp            forward 1151575 Sigma70 Strong
atcgtggtaagacctgccgggatttagttgcaaatttttcaacattttatacactacgaaAaccatcgcgaaagcgagttt
>ECK120010736 acrAp            reverse 485698 Sigma70 Strong
gttcgtgaatttacaggcgttagatttacatacatttgtgaatgtatgtaccatagcacgAcgataatataaacgcagcaa
>ECK125158030 acrZp            forward 794751 Sigma70 Strong
cgcaaagctgaccgcacaaaaggggagtgcttttctgtgcttagcggttagaatagtctcAtgactatatctggagttgac
>ECK120009981 acsp2            reverse 4287391 Sigma70 Strong
atactaaacaaaactgccaatacccctacatttaacgcttatgccacatattattaacatCctacaaggagaacaaaagca
>ECK125134720 adep             forward 3843910 Sigma70 Strong
ttcagtgataattatcacatttcaattgcacattaatggatattctttaataatctcgcgAcgtttctttatgataaataa
>ECK120010777 adiAp            reverse 4340556 Sigma70Strong
ttcaaaaatgtttgtttttcacgcgctttacagcccgaaaaggccggaagatacttgcccGcaacgaagattccttcataa
>ECK120010095 agaRp              reverse 3278703 Sigma70
agcttgcgtcaatgggcaaggtgggcttgcatttgcttaatagaaaggcgttaataggcaAaacgaaatgaaacgaaagtt
>ECK120010096 agaSp              forward 3281889 Sigma70 Strong
tcgttttatttcttttttctccattgaactttcagtttcttttctatagattttaatcaaCgaaagacatcaccaagtgaa
>ECK120010147 ahpCp forward 638921 Sigma70 Strong
atcgatttgataatggaaacgcattagccgaatcggcaaaaattggttaccttacatctcAtcgaaaacacggaggaagta
>ECK120051395 ahpCp2 forward 638693 Sigma70 Strong
taggtaagagcttagatcaggtgattgccctttgtttatgagggtgttgtaatccatgtcGttgttgcatttgtaagggca
>ECK120010163 aidBp              forward 4414247 Sigma70 Strong
gataagaatgttttagcaatctctttctgtcatgaatccatggcagtgaccatactaatgGtgactgccattgatggaggg
>ECK120010673 aldAp              forward 1488190 Sigma70 Strong
cccttcacagaattgtcctttcacgattccgtctctctgatgattgatgttaattaacaaTgtattcaccgaaaacaaaca
>ECK120010029 alsRp1 reverse 4313132 Sigma70 Strong
catctatcatctaaaaaaccagaaaaacaaataacatcatgtttttaaactaattaaatgAaataaaattttaagccactc
>ECK120009942 amiAp forward 2552241 Sigma70 Strong
gtgaacggtcgaattagccaatatctgacgaaaatcggttgaaaaagtggcataatggggAgttgtcaactattgaaatga
>ECK120010445 ampCp reverse 4379003 Sigma70 Strong
tacggtctggctgctatcctgacagttgtcacgctgattggtgtcgttacaatctaacgcAtcgccaatgtaaatccggcc
>ECK120011026 ansBp2 reverse 3100751 Sigma70 Strong
tcacgttgtaaattgtttaacgtcaaatttcccatacagagctaagggataatgcgtagcGttcacgtaactggaggaatg
>ECK120030797 aptp forward 491310 Sigma70 Strong
aaagcactgaagcacaacaatcgcagttgcaattattgcgtacagccagtacattctggcGttttcgagcacaggcgcagg
>ECK120010108 araBp              reverse 70075 Sigma70 Strong
ccataagattagcggatcctacctgacgctttttatcgcaactctctactgtttctccatAcccgtttttttggatggagt
>ECK120010988 araCp              forward 70241 Sigma70 Strong
caatgtggacttttctgccgtgattatagacacttttgttacgcgtttttgtcatggcttTggtcccgctttgttacagaa
>ECK120010148 araEp              reverse 2982208 Sigma70 Strong
catatttatgctgtttccgacctgacacctgcgtgagttgttcacgtattttttcactatGtcttactctctgctggcagg
>ECK120010166 araFp              reverse 1986238 Sigma70 Strong
aattctgcgatgtgatattgctctcctatggagaattaatttctcgctaaaactatgtcaAcacagtcacttatcttttag
>ECK120010167 araJp              reverse 412529 Sigma70 Strong
gaatacagaggggcgaattatctcttggccttgctggtcgttatcctgcaagctatcactTtattggctacggtgattggt
>ECK120010655 arcAp1 reverse 4640508 Sigma70 Strong
ttgggtgtccggcccctcttagcctgttatgttgctgttaaaatggttaggatgacagccGtttttgacactgtcgggtcc
>ECK120010658 arcAp3 reverse 4640535 Sigma70 Strong
gatatatgtcaacgaagcgtagttttattgggtgtccggcccctcttagcctgttatgttGctgttaaaatggttaggatg
>ECK120010659 arcAp4 reverse 4640599 Sigma70 Strong
tgacgaaagctagcatttagatacgatgatttcatcaaactgttaacgtgctacaattgaActtgatatatgtcaacgaag
>ECK120010698 arcAp5 reverse 4640681 Sigma70 Strong
tttataaaaaataaatctcgacaattggattcaccacgtttattagttgtatgatgcaacTagttggattattaaaataat
>ECK120010661 arcAp7 reverse 4640801 Sigma70 Strong
taacgtaagtcgcagaaaaagccctttacttagcttaaaaaaggctaaactatttcctgaCtgtactaacggttgagttgt
>ECK125137740 arfAp3 reverse 3438673 Sigma70 Strong
gggcgagtggcgttaagagtggttgttgattttttgcactggcaggattacactcgcgccGttaaataaccaactggagtt
>ECK120010989 argCp            forward 4154885 Sigma70 Strong
aatggcggtaatttgtttttcattgttgacacacctctggtcatgatagtatcaatattcAtgcagtatttatgaataaaa
>ECK120010177 argDp            reverse 3490221 Sigma70 Strong
tttcctgcatcgctgatttctgattgccatttagtgattttttatgcatattttgtggttAtaatttcacatttgtttatg
>ECK120010109 argEp1 reverse 4154897 Sigma70 Strong
aaaacattcaccttacggctggtgggttttattacgctcaacgttagtgtatttttattcAtaaatactgcatgaatattg
>ECK120010991 argIp            reverse 4478344 Sigma70 Strong
gtgacaaagatttatgctttagacttgcaaatgaataatcatccatataaattgaattttAattcattgaggcgttagcca
>ECK120010110 argRp1 forward 3384677 Sigma70 Strong
ttcagccttcttcagggctgactgtttgcataaaaattcatctgtatgcacaataatgttGtatcaaccaccatatcgggt
>ECK125137153 argSp            forward 1960001 Sigma70 Strong
aaacggcaatacgccacgcgcacgttgctgacgaaaacagccatttgcagtatactcccgCcctaatttctttaactggtg
>ECK120010992 aroFp            reverse 2741201 Sigma70 Strong
gtaaataaaaatgtacgaaatatggattgaaaactttactttatgtgttatcgttacgtcAtcctcgctgaggatcaacta
>ECK120010994 aroHp1 forward 1788318 Sigma70 Strong
cttagtcgccgaatgtactagagaactagtgcattagcttatttttttgttatcatgctaAccacccggcgaggtgtgaca
>ECK120029297 aroHp2 forward 1788384 Sigma70 Strong
cggcgaggtgtgacacacctcgcacttgaaatcagcagcgattggtttatcgtgatgcgcAtcacttcccggcagtcctgc
>ECK120010642 aroKp1 reverse 3519380 Sigma70 Strong
ttacgctgaacgtgtttcatctatttgacgcgcgcaggtatttagcatacaaggagtaccGatttgagagttggtgctctt
>ECK120010643 aroKp2 reverse 3519167 Sigma70 Strong
cagagggatgggtgatttattcagttgccaaacccgctggagtattgagataattttcagTctgactctcgcaatatctta
>ECK120010995 aroLp            forward 406280 Sigma70 Strong
taaatgtaatttattatttacacttcattcttgaatatttattggtatagtaaggggtgtAttgagattttcactttaagt
>ECK120010996 aroPp1 reverse 121671 Sigma70 Strong
ttcaaccatgcataaagcgggtgcattcgctgccgcataccattattcttgatctgacggAagtctttttgtaacaattca
>ECK120010756 aroPp2 reverse 121650 Sigma70 Strong
tgcattcgctgccgcataccattattcttgatctgacggaagtctttttgtaacaattcaAacttctttgatgtaaacaaa
>ECK120010685 arsRp            forward 3648512 Sigma70 Strong
cattcgttaagtcatatatgtttttgacttatccgcttcgaagagagacactacctgcaaCaatcaggagcgcaatatgtc
>ECK120015421 artPp            reverse 903769 Sigma70 Strong
ttttaacttttaaagcagaaatattgcataattattctgtcaaaggtactatcttcgaccTcaatagctatcagactgcca
>ECK120016938 ascFp            forward 2839429 Sigma70 Strong
ataaaaaatgaacaattcactctcttgcttatttagtgacaactattcatgattttgtgaAaccggtttcttaattccgtt
>ECK120010178 asnAp forward 3927129 Sigma70 Strong
gagttaggctttttattgaatgattattgcatgtgtgtcggtttttgttgcttaatcataAgcaacaggacgcaggagtat
>ECK120010179 asnCp            reverse 3927031 Sigma70 Strong
tcattcaataaaaagcctaactcacttttgattcattaaaaaagaaggctaaaatagaatGaatcatcaatccgcataaga
>ECK120010218 aspAp reverse 4368432 Sigma70 Strong
accgacacttaaagtgatccagattacggtagaaatcctcaagcagcatatgatctcgggTattcggtcgatgcaggggat
>ECK120010417 atpIp            reverse 3922525 Sigma70 Strong
ttattcaccttttggctacttattgtttgaaatcacgggggcgcaccgtataatttgaccGctttttgatgcttgactcta
>ECK125140837 azoRp            reverse 1482904 Sigma70 Strong
gaacataggcttcgatttattgcgctatctctgtggcaggattgtgaataaagtgtcaacAagcaacggggcatcgcccat
>ECK125095432 azuCp            reverse 1988001 Sigma70 Strong
tttatgtgatttgtatcacataaagattgatttttgtgatggttgtcatattataagcgcAaagacaataacacctgtata
>ECK120010674 bcppforward 2600437 Sigma70 Strong
attgagcaagcgttcaaagccctatgtacagaactcaatgcacaaggcagtattaacgtcGtcaattattcccaacatgat
>ECK125203424 bcsEp2 forward 3696443 Sigma70 Strong
gataagttttaatttcaatggtaggtttatttcttagctttcgctagtaaactgataatcAgacaaaatggtgacatgagg
>ECK120010181 betIp            reverse 329361 Sigma70 Strong
cgtaacaattaagacacattttatattgaacgtccaatcaataaccgctttaatagataaAcaccgctgatgaatggagtg
>ECK120010182 betTp            forward 329421 Sigma70 Strong
tttatctattaaagcggttattgattggacgttcaatataaaatgtgtcttaattgttacGaatttgattttaaatagtaa
>ECK125137742 bfrp3            reverse 3466749 Sigma70 Strong
ggagtccgcataaacggagtgtgttttttgacttactcgtaagccgttctactcttcaaaGagtggaagcgaaggagtcaa
>ECK125136764 bhsAp9 forward 1169019 Sigma70 Strong
attaatgattgttataaaaaatatcttgtatgtgatccagatcacatctatcatttagttAtcgatcgttaagtaattgct
>ECK125158027 bluFp            reverse 1215506 Sigma70 Strong
aaacggttatgttttggtattaaaagaaagacacaagaagatatgtctgttaccgtcttaCtctcgcctcacccattaccc
>ECK120034206 bluRp            reverse 1214113 Sigma70 Strong
tcatccaatttagctgaaatcttatttatactttgtacaattttagcgtatattgtacaaAgtattattgggtcgtgtaca
>ECK120027939 bolAp2 forward 454349 Sigma70 Strong
ctggtaaaagaaacactgatgcgaggcctgtgtttcaatctttaaatcagtaaacttcatAcgcttgacggaaaaaccagg
>ECK120010438 btuBp            forward 4163399 Sigma70 Strong
gaattcctatttgtgagctacgtctggacagtaacttgttacaacctgtagcatccacttGccggtcctgtgagttaatag
>ECK120010564 cadBp reverse 4360106 Sigma70 Strong
tttgtgttatttcacctaatctttaggattaatccttttttcgtgagtaatcttatcgccAgtttggtctggtcaggaaat
>ECK120010183 cadCp            reverse 4361963 Sigma70 Strong
ataatatgtaaataaacccatctatagatggtaaaaataggttgtggcaattatcattgcAtcattcccttttcgaatgag
>ECK120010686 caiFp            forward 34218 Sigma70 Strong
gatgacataagcaggatttagctcacacttatcgacggtgaagttgcatactatcgatatAtccacaattttaatatggcc
>ECK120010472 caiTp            reverse 42037 Sigma70 Strong
cgaaacaaaaatgtgataccaatcacagaatacagcttattgaatacccattatgagttaGccattaacgcgtccacgagg
>ECK120010176 carAp1 forward 29551 Sigma70 Strong
taatataaaaaatcccgccattaagttgacttttagcgcccatatctccagaatgccgccGtttgccagaaattcgtcggt
>ECK120010111 carAp2 forward 29619 Sigma70 Strong
gaaattcgtcggtaagcagatttgcattgatttacgtcatcattgtgaattaatatgcaaAtaaagtgagtgaatattctc
>ECK125109146 casp reverse 2884319 Sigma70 Strong
tttctttaataataaaacgaataacttgcagatttgaaatgcatgcattattgtctttaaAcaattcaacacatcttaata
>ECK120010675 cblp reverse 2060941 Sigma70 Strong
tggaataagatgcgggtttttattatttgttatgccgggcattagactttaacaataacgGgaaatctgaactgcccggag
>ECK125160651 cbpAp4 reverse 1063919 Sigma70 Strong
tggttcaactatcaaaaatcgctcaccctttttcacctgtttaaaatatgttcagcaaccCatcttgatggcgacctcctc
>ECK125160650 cbpAp6 reverse 1064037 Sigma70 Strong
ttccaggcctgtttcaaataattatttgcagtgcaactaattccatgtatattactacccAtatatagcgtctataaaatt
>ECK120010619 cddpforward 2231819 Sigma70 Strong
gcataattaatgagattcagatcacatataaagccacaacgggttcgtaaactgttatccCattacatgattatgaggcaa
>ECK125136393 cdsAp3 forward 195555 Sigma70 Strong
agcatcgcattagtaactttttgctttggcaaattgcctatgccgaactttactttacagAtgttctctggcccgatttcg
>ECK120009948 chiAp            reverse 3469896 Sigma70 Strong
ttttaatgccgtaatttaattcatattgaagggttctcgtaaaacgtaaataattcctgcGtaggacttttgttttgcagt
>ECK120032976 chiXp            forward 507204 Sigma70 Strong
aaaagagtcatcttgcctaagagtattggcaggatggtgagattgagcgacaatcgagttAcaccgtcgcttaaagtgacg
>ECK120010113 cirAp1 reverse 2246929 Sigma70 Strong
ggatataaaatttaacatttggattgataattgttatcgtttgcattatcgttacgccgcAatcaaaaaaggctgacaaat
>ECK120010112 cirAp2 reverse 2246942 Sigma70 Strong
tgacaaatcatgcggatataaaatttaacatttggattgataattgttatcgtttgcattAtcgttacgccgcaatcaaaa
>ECK120010537 clpAp1 forward 923080 Sigma70 Strong
ttacactccgatggagtttgttattgacgtgttacaaaaattcttttcttatgatgtagaAcgtgcaacgcaattgatgct
>ECK120010295 clpPp1 forward 456577 Sigma70 Strong
accgtgcgaaaagcctctttcggtgttagcgtaacaacaaaagattgttatgcttgaaatAtggtgatgccgtacccataa
>ECK120010702 cmkp             forward 961165 Sigma70 Strong
aaactggtttttgcacacaacgttaacgatttgtggcgtcggcgcgtataatgcgcgcggTtatgttaacggtacgcctgt
>ECK120016352 cobUp1 reverse 2065874 Sigma70 Strong
aagtctggctattccgtaatgccatcttatttcgtaatggattgagaatgctggatttttAattatattacgcgcagtatt
>ECK120016353 cobUp2 reverse 2065972 Sigma70 Strong
gttgttccggcagtagcattaattcattatctgaatgaaatgtgtcaatccacagaaaccGctgtcaatgacgcattttgt
>ECK120010248 codBp forward 354884 Sigma70 Strong
aaaaatatatttccccacgaaaacgattgctttttatcttcagatgaatagaatgcggcgGattttttgggtttcaaacag
>ECK120010641 copAp reverse 511411 Sigma70 Strong
acccgcctggtttattaatttcttgaccttccccttgctggaaggtttaacctttatcacAgccagtcaaaactgtcttaa
>ECK120010185 cpdBp reverse 4436629 Sigma70 Strong
tgcgccaactgtgatagtgtcatcattttcaaagcgtaaaattgtggcattcttcactgtTctataagtaagacgtttatt
>ECK120010879 cpxPp            forward 4105785 Sigma70 Strong
ctttacgttgttttacaccccctgacgcatgtttgcagcctgaatcgtaaactctctatcGttgaatcgcgacagaaagat
>ECK120010184 crpp1            forward 3485953 Sigma70 Strong
gggtcatgctgaagcgagacaccaggagacacaaagcgaaagctatgctaaaacagtcagGatgctacagtaatacattga
>ECK120010676 csiEp            forward 2665401 Sigma70 Strong
cttgccaacatttctgatgattagcattcccttcgccatttccttgagcaaactttagctAttcttatcaattatgcttat
>ECK120010399 cspAp1 forward 3719889 Sigma70 Strong
aatcataaatatgaaaaataattgttgcatcacccgccaatgcgtggcttaatgcacatcAacggtttgacgtacagacca
>ECK120010400 cspAp2 forward 3719940 Sigma70 Strong
atgcacatcaacggtttgacgtacagaccattaaagcagtgtagtaaggcaagtcccttcAagagttatcgttgatacccc
>ECK120010540 cspDp            reverse 922676 Sigma70 Strong
tgccccttgtcccctgtcaaatgcttgacggctcgccctaattctctaaattgtatttctAgagttggcgaggttttgaac
>ECK120034385 cspEp2 forward 657250 Sigma70 Strong
tatcactttttagtaaagttacactggacaaagcgtaccacaattggtgtactggtaaccGacacagcatttgtgtctatt
>ECK125138139 csrAp1 reverse 2819373 Sigma70 Strong
tacctgcagcgttagccagtgtgaaaggctgggtcagcgcgaaattgcaataatataagcGtcaggcaatgccgtggactc
>ECK125138142 csrAp5 reverse 2819189 Sigma70 Strong
ttagatgtaatgtgtttgtcattgcttactttttggcgttatatgatggataatgccgggAtacagagagacccgactctt
>ECK120010043 csrBp           reverse 2924524 Sigma70 Strong
ccttaaggcattgtctgtaagcgccttgtaagacttcgcgaaaaagacgattctatcttcGtcgacagggagtcagacaac
>ECK120010099 cstAp2 forward 629864 Sigma70 Strong
atttacatggttgctgtgttgttaaattgtacaaagatgttatagaaacaaaatgtaacaTctctatggacacgcacacgg
>ECK120009908 cusCp           forward 595573 Sigma70 Strong
tgacaattttgtcatttttctgtcaccggaaaatcagagcctggcgagtaaagttggcggCataaaatcaccagaaattat
>ECK120009909 cusRp           reverse 595462 Sigma70 Strong
aaaattgtcattttgccaataagcgattgccatctgatcccgctactctagaattgcccgGgcaacatgcggaggaaatat
>ECK120010701 cutAp           reverse 4365392 Sigma70 Strong
cacgccccgctttctttcccgccgactaacatccttcccccgtccgttgtatagtgacctCtctcttgcggttccatctgt
>ECK120010571 cvpAp1 reverse 2430800 Sigma70 Strong
attgatgcgcgggaaggaaatccctacgcaaacgttttctttttctgttagaatgcgcccCgaacaggatgacagggcgta
>ECK120010114 cyaAp           forward 3990999 Sigma70 Strong
tacacttgtatgtagcgcatctttctttacggtcaatcagcaaggtgttaaattgatcacGttttagaccattttttcgtc
>ECK120030659 cyaAp2 forward 3990774 Sigma70 Strong
cagagtgcaagtgggctttggcgtgtggcaattcttaaaacattgtctaacatgcttgttAccgtcattatcatccgtggt
>ECK125137921 cyaYp5 reverse 3994083 Sigma70 Strong
gaacgcagccgcagaggtgcaaactttgaagccctgaccccatgccgctatactgccgccAtcacttaaaaacaggataca
>ECK120010168 cydAp1 forward 771170 Sigma70 Strong
ttgatatttatcaatgtataagtcttggaaatgggcatcaaaaagagataaattgttctcGatcaaattggctgaaaggcg
>ECK120010700 cydAp2 forward 771284 Sigma70 Strong
atgcaaatttgcttcaacaaaaacctgtttattgtaaggattttgcggcgtaatatatacGtgggatcaatttgagttttt
>ECK120009951 cydAp3 forward 771202 Sigma70 Strong
gggcatcaaaaagagataaattgttctcgatcaaattggctgaaaggcggtaatttagctAtaaattgatcaccgtcgaaa
>ECK120009953 cydAp5 forward 771368 Sigma70 Strong
aacatgtttgcaacctttctttacgccgtttttgtgtgcattcacatggtatgatgaaagTgttcaaacaaatttctattg
>ECK120010773 cydDp reverse 931031 Sigma70 Strong
aaaataattttacaaatcagtaacaaaagtaaagaaggcgacaccatgcgactatgggtcGcctttattttttccccgttg
>ECK120010204 cynRp           reverse 358709 Sigma70 Strong
aggcagactactcgccgattgtcataaggtaaaagtctcatttatgatgagttccattggAtttacttataggttgcgaat
>ECK120010203 cynTp           forward 358773 Sigma70 Strong
atggaactcatcataaatgagacttttaccttatgacaatcggcgagtagtctgcctctcAttccagagacagacagaggt
>ECK120010169 cyoAp reverse 451653 Sigma70 Strong
tccaagtaacaggaatttaatcatgtttacagtaatgtaaccttcccgtaaaatgcccacAcactttaaacgccaccagat
>ECK120010206 cysDp           reverse 2876368 Sigma70 Strong
aactactcattctaattggtaatttcattcgttctcttacgctccctatagtcgaaacatCtgatggcaagaaaatagcgg
>ECK120010150 cysJp           reverse 2891964 Sigma70 Strong
ggttattagttatcgctatcccgtctttaatccacaccgtttgccccgttaaccttacctTctcttctgttttatgggcgc
>ECK120010151 cysKp1 forward 2532377 Sigma70 Strong
gtatatagatatgctaaatccttacttccgcatattctctgagcgggtatgctacctgttGtatcccaatttcatacagtt
>ECK120010205 cysPp           reverse 2543557 Sigma70 Strong
accaaacggtatataaaaccgttactcctttcacgtccgttataaatatgatggctattaGaaagtcattaaatttataag
>ECK120010430 cytRp           reverse 4124509 Sigma70 Strong
cacacttttcatgaaaattctgtaaccgttttcacgcgctatctgctaaaaatgttgccgAtgtgaagtaaacatggatgt
>ECK125136575 dacAp3 reverse 664001 Sigma70 Strong
gttaacaaagtcacgcggaaagtcagatgcctgccggtagtgcatttgctatagtagggcActtttttaattccatcacgg
>ECK120010721 dadAp1 forward 1237509 Sigma70 Strong
tcagggagatgtgagccagctcaccataaaaaagccgcatgttgaataatattttcaactGagttatcaagatgtgattag
>ECK120010484 dadAp2 forward 1237525 Sigma70 Strong
cagctcaccataaaaaagccgcatgttgaataatattttcaactgagttatcaagatgtgAttagattattattcttttac
>ECK120010722 dadAp3 forward 1237538 Sigma70 Strong
aaaagccgcatgttgaataatattttcaactgagttatcaagatgtgattagattattatTcttttactgtatctaccgtt
>ECK120010644 damXp reverse 3517600 Sigma70 Strong
cgcggacgtcggaacgtctcgggcagtttagttctgccgaaacgcagcgtattataacccTgctcaagcgggctgggttac
>ECK120010645 damp1 reverse 3516252 Sigma70 Strong
agaccgcaggtaatgttggttcgttgaaatcggcaccgtccagccattacactctgcagcTgagcagttcctctaactacg
>ECK120010646 damp2 reverse 3515982 Sigma70 Strong
aggtacaggccgatctgaagtaatcaaggttatctcccgcaatggtttatcgttgcgggaGttgcctgaagcgctggatgc
>ECK120010360 dapAp reverse 2599784 Sigma70 Strong
aacaatcagaacggttctgtctgcttgcttttaatgccataccaaacgtaccattgagacActtgtttgcacagaggatgg
>ECK120010274 dapBp1 forward 28343 Sigma70 Strong
atttctaattatcagcgtttttggctggcggcgtagcgatgcgctggttactctgaaaacGgtctatgcaaattaacaaaa
>ECK120030657 dapBp2 forward 28288 Sigma70 Strong
tgcagtcattcatcgactcatgcctttcactgatatccctccctgtttatcattaatttcTaattatcagcgtttttggct
>ECK120010284 dapDp reverse 185977 Sigma70 Strong
ttgcagcaggaagtgcatcagcggttgacagaggccctcaatccaaacgataaagggtgaTgtgtttactgatatgaaaag
>ECK120030660 dapEp forward 2591560 Sigma70 Strong
aaatgcctgcaattatcaaacgtccattgctctgcgtgcccggtaagcctatgctgctggGtttcagtgattccagttatc
>ECK120009885 dctAp           reverse 3683498 Sigma70 Strong
ttgtttcaattatgatccaggtacatttctgtgatgttgtctgggtgttattttaaggccGcaggtaccccataaccttac
>ECK120010755 dcuAp reverse 4366843 Sigma70 Strong
aagcgaacagtaatcgtacagggtagtacaaataaaaaaggcacgtcagatgacgtgcctTttttcttgtgagcagtaact
>ECK120010567 dcuBp reverse 4348764 Sigma70 Strong
gaaaacagttcatacaaaacagaacgtgactgtgatctattcagcaaaaatttaaataggAttatcgcgagggttcacaca
>ECK120033033 dcuRp reverse 4350565 Sigma70 Strong
acgatcccacgaatttatgaataaattgcatgtgattctcggattattgcatctgaagagTtataagcagttggaagatta
>ECK120016339 dcuSp           reverse 4351685 Sigma70 Strong
atatagccaatcattcttactccctttgaattacccgcctcatcagagataatgcttaagAaatttgtcacacaaggaagc
>ECK120029527 defp forward 3433650 Sigma70 Strong
caatctttgcgattggtcagtgatgctgtcaatcagagggggatttgtctagaatagaagAaataatctttctaactcctg
>ECK125165391 degQp forward 3380698 Sigma70 Strong
gactatcatttaatctggtgtctcattgttagccgtctgaaaattcaataacatcaaactGttttgaatctcttttcttat
>ECK125165392 degSp           forward 3382173 Sigma70 Strong
tcgtaaaccgggcatcaggcttacgtgtgatgtccggttaactcgtggtatgctgctgccGttcccttttttaatgacgcc
>ECK120010451 deoBp forward 4619567 Sigma70 Strong
gcaccggaaagcacaccaactgtctatcgccgtatcagcgaataacggtatactgatctgAtcatttaaatttgaagcact
>ECK120010115 deoCp1 forward 4616679 Sigma70 Strong
gaggtaacgccagaaacgttttattcgaacatcgatctcgtcttgtgttagaattctaacAtacggttgcaacaacgcatc
>ECK120010116 deoCp2 forward 4617278 Sigma70 Strong
gatttccttaattgtgatgtgtatcgaagtgtgttgcggagtagatgttagaatactaacAaactcgcaaggtgaatttta
>ECK120029865 dgcZp            reverse 1623879 Sigma70 Strong
aacttcggatttctatgaaaatattgacgtaattttgcttttctctcgttagaatagcgcGcacaaggaactgtgaaaaag
>ECK125158031 dicCp            reverse 1647876 Sigma70 Strong
catagttagctaatgctaaatcgtattgactatgtttttgttaacatctatcttgttagtTatgactaacaataaaggtgt
>ECK120035104 dinIp            reverse 1121509 Sigma70 Strong
aaacaataaaaatcgtagcttcctgttgtcattaggttattttacctgtataaataaccaGtatattcaacagggggctat
>ECK120015518 dinQp            reverse 3647982 Sigma70 Strong
actgaaactattgcaaggacgtgctggttttataacctgcatgtactgtatgattatccaGttagctctgaggcattttca
>ECK120034549 dksAp2 reverse 160657 Sigma70 Strong
ttgtcaagtgttacgtttagataattgctatccggaaaagcatctgctatttatagcggcCtcatttttcccccgaacatg
>ECK125145775 dksAp3 reverse 160751 Sigma70 Strong
cttaaaaaatcactgccggttacattgtagtaaagtaagtaactggttaatttacattctGgtcgcgtgcgcaaatacgct
>ECK125137251 dldp6            forward 2222152 Sigma70 Strong
ttgtctgaattttcaaaatattcactcgctgaattgttatacaaggcgctattctagtttGtgatattttttcgccaccac
>ECK120010117 dmsAp1 forward 940823 Sigma70 Strong
ttttgtctccctttgataccgaacaataattactcctcacttacacgtaatactactttcGagtgaaaatctacctatctc
>ECK120010410 dnaAp2 reverse 3883882 Sigma70 Strong
ataaatcgggaaaatctgtgagaaacagaagatctcttgcgcagtttaggctatgatccgCggtcccgatcgttttgcagg
>ECK120010407 dnaNp3 reverse 3882562 Sigma70 Strong
caggaaaaactggtcaccatcgacaatattcagaagacggtggcggagtactacaagatcAaagtcgcggatctcctttcc
>ECK120010406 dnaNp4 reverse 3882348 Sigma70 Strong
gccgtaagatcgagcagttgcgtgaagagagccacgatatcaaagaagatttttcaaattTaatcagaacattgtcatcgt
>ECK120010490 dppAp reverse 3707870 Sigma70 Strong
tggtgtaaatcccggttggctgtattgacgttttcacattctgttgacagattgtaggtcAcgaggggcattttatggagg
>ECK120010234 dpsp reverse 848950 Sigma70 Strong
attagtgtgataggaacagccagaatagcggaacacatagccggtgctatacttaatctcGttaattactgggacataaca
>ECK120009857 dsbAp forward 4043377 Sigma70 Strong
ttactggctgcgacagacggcgacttttatagaacaggcaaaagttctacaagaacccccTttgcaattaacacctatgta
>ECK120010208 dsdAp forward 2479121 Sigma70 Strong
ctggctagtgaagcaatattgcggcgctacgctcaatgaaacatttaaatactatacgacAgcgacatttatcgcttcagt
>ECK120010460 dsdXp forward 2477821 Sigma70 Strong
catgtgaaaggcaaattttatcgtttgtcagcctgcgttgtttttttgtccaatatcatcAggttaatcacaggggaaggt
>ECK125108717 dsrAp            reverse 2025313 Sigma70 Strong
ttaatcattcatatggcgaatattttcttgtcagcgaaaaaaattgcggataaggtgatgAacacatcagatttcctggtg
>ECK120010269 eddp1 reverse 1934713 Sigma70 Strong
ttttacactttcaggcctcgtgcggattcacccacgaggctttttttattacactgactgAaacgtttttgccctatgagc
>ECK120029863 efeU_1p forward 1081307 Sigma70 Strong
ttataaacattccgcttgtgtttttctttgccgtaatgataatcgctatcactgcgatttActtttctttgcatagattga
>ECK125109856 enop4 reverse 2907968 Sigma70 Strong
gtaaaaaagttagagcggcaacgcgtaccctgggtacgcgttgtttgtctggagtttcagTttaactagtgacttgaggaa
>ECK125109857 enop7 reverse 2908152 Sigma70 Strong
tctgcgcgttgcgggccgttccggggatgatcagttggtcgagatcatcgaagttccgaaTcacccgtggttcgtggcttg
>ECK120010224 entCp             forward 624831 Sigma70 Strong
ttgcagattgcgttacctcaagagttgacatagtgcgcgtttgcttttaggttagcgaccGaaaatataaatgataatcat
>ECK120009985 entSp1 forward 622258 Sigma70 Strong
ccatgataatgaaattaattatcgttatcgatcttatttggatatgttagcatgtgcagcCtaagaataggtatttaaaat
>ECK120010534 epdp              reverse 3073823 Sigma70 Strong
aatgtcttcttcggctggacaaacattccttttattccacgtttcgcttatcctagctgaAgcgtttcagtcgattaaatg
>ECK125145769 esrEp             forward 4019978 Sigma70 Strong
cagggcgatattcaggtggtgcaaaacttcgttgcgctggcagatctggcagagttcgacCctgcggaactgctggcccct
>ECK125230249 exuRp2 forward 3246618 Sigma70 Strong
ccttctcaggcggctttttcatcactgcgagtagagctaaactcgcaaaagtggtataacAaatatagtctgccgtatcat
>ECK120010355 fabBp             reverse 2441641 Sigma70 Strong
ttctctattaaatggctgatcggacttgttcggcgtacaagtgtacgctattgtgcattcGaaacttactctatgtgcgac
>ECK120011027 fadBp             reverse 4031013 Sigma70 Strong
atcggcatttctttaatcttttgtttgcatatttttaacacaaaatacacacttcgactcAtctggtacgaccagatcacc
>ECK120009999 fadDp             reverse 1889807 Sigma70 Strong
cgcttcgcaaccttttcgttgggtaattatcaagctggtatgatgagttaatattatgttAacggcatgtatatcatttgg
>ECK120049205 fadRp             forward 1234905 Sigma70 Strong
atccctttttcttctttttgtctgctatcagcgtagttagccctctggtatgatgagtccAactttgttttgctgtgttat
>ECK125137965 fdhEp1 reverse 4081361 Sigma70 Strong
gattcgcgttaatgctgcattcatttgccgcagtggcgttaattgtggttatcatggtgcAtatctacgccgccctttggg
>ECK120010215 fdnGp forward 1547372 Sigma70 Strong
agatgttctttttgatttcgcgcaaaaagattcagaattttactgttagtttcctcgcgcAgtaatacccctgaaaaaaga
>ECK125162182 feaBp1 forward 1447492 Sigma70 Strong
gacaaagcgaatgtcacagcgaaaaaagtgacttttcttgtcgctgcgtacactgaaatcAcactgggtaaataataagga
>ECK125162183 feaBp2 forward 1447370 Sigma70 Strong
tttttattgttgcatttgtgttgcaataaacgaagctaatgagcctgactataggaaataAgtcttgtcaggcatagagac
>ECK125162179 feaRp1 reverse 1447349 Sigma70 Strong
cgtgacaataaccgcttatgtctctatgcctgacaagacttatttcctatagtcaggctcAttagcttcgtttattgcaac
>ECK125162180 feaRp2 reverse 1447309 Sigma70 Strong
tatttcctatagtcaggctcattagcttcgtttattgcaacacaaatgcaacaataaaaaTacatttcacagagcgaaaac
>ECK125162181 feaRp3 reverse 1447394 Sigma70 Strong
ttcgctgtgacattcgctttgtcagctgtgacaagctccgcaaatcgtgacaataaccgcTtatgtctctatgcctgacaa
>ECK120010221 fepAp             reverse 612667 Sigma70 Strong
ccatgtttactgtgcaatttttcattgattgcagaaatatattgataatattattgataaCtatttgcatttgcaatagcg
>ECK120010222 fepBp             reverse 624727 Sigma70 Strong
ggtaacgcaatctgcaactcggggttgcatctggttgtggttacaatgaaaatgagaagcAttattgatggattcgcataa
>ECK120010223 fepDp1 reverse 622234 Sigma70 Strong
tgccttgccatcaaatattttaaatacctattcttaggctgcacatgctaacatatccaaAtaagatcgataacgataatt
>ECK120009987 fepDp2 reverse 622192 Sigma70 Strong
acatgctaacatatccaaataagatcgataacgataattaatttcattatcatggaagttCgtatgtctggttctgttgcc
>ECK120010299 fesp forward 612687 Sigma70 Strong
cttcccacggcgcgccattacgctattgcaaatgcaaatagttatcaataatattatcaaTatatttctgcaatcaatgaa
>ECK120015395 fhuFp             reverse 4605694 Sigma70 Strong
ttatcatttgcaagccagataaatcccttgctatcgggtaaacctatcgctatgattagcAatcattatcatttagattac
>ECK125137973 fieFp4 forward 4106449 Sigma70 Strong
tcctcaatttgcctgctgcttaatgcattgcagatgatttgcttccgttatactagcgtcAgttgatagcgggagtattta
>ECK120010667 fimAp            forward 4542694 Sigma70 Strong
tttaacttattgataataaagttaaaaaaacaaataaatacaagacaattggggccaaacTgtccatatcataaataagtt
>ECK120010503 fimBp1 forward 4540809 Sigma70 Strong
tacatagcatgcaagagcatggcgtttgtatggcaacgttattataattaacagttgctaCtccatttaagttcactcaga
>ECK120010668 fimEp            forward 4541871 Sigma70 Strong
actggaagttaatccactgcaatctattgttatattgaatcaaatcaatgaaaatagatgTtgtcacatcagtgatatttt
>ECK120010687 fixAp            forward 42325 Sigma70 Strong
tattgaaagttggatttatctgcgtgtgacattttcaatattggtgattaaagttttattTcaaaattaaagggcgtgata
>ECK120009954 fldBp            forward 3039822 Sigma70 Strong
ctcatttgatccattatgccttattgtgccgtgactaaagcgattctgatacactagccgCaaaagccacagcagaatcga
>ECK120010198 flhDp            reverse 1978395 Sigma70 Strong
tattgaaaatcgcagcccccctccgttgtatgtgcgtgtagtgacgagtacagttgcgtcGatttaggaaaaatcttagat
>ECK120009941 flup forward 2071317 Sigma70 Strong
aagcactgttttcgttactgtctctcttgtccgtgcaatagctcaataatagaataaaacGatcaatatctattttatcga
>ECK125108718 fnrSp            forward 1409129 Sigma70 Strong
cgccgcaaagtttgagcgaagtcaataaactctctacccattcagggcaatatctctcttGcaggtgaatgcaacgtcaag
>ECK120010119 fnrp reverse 1399552 Sigma70 Strong
ctctgctgttaaggtttgcttagacttacttgctccctaaaaagatgttaaaattgacaaAtatcaattacggcttgagca
>ECK120010308 focAp1 reverse 954493 Sigma70 Strong
agccaggcgagatatgatctatatcaatttctcatctataatgctttgttagtatctcgtCgccgacttaataaagagaga
>ECK120010309 focAp3 reverse 954814 Sigma70 Strong
taaaatcaaatagcctacgcaatgtaggcttaatgattagtctgagttatattacggggcGtttttttaatgccccgcttt
>ECK120010276 folAp            forward 49799 Sigma70 Strong
ttcctcaacatcatcctcgcaccagtcgacgacggtttacgctttacgtatagtggcgacAattttttttatcgggaaatc
>ECK120033722 frcp reverse 2493439 Sigma70 Strong
cacaaatgtcgcgactctctctgattaccacgaatcaatatttatcatattcttcttttcGtcctcactacttaccatgca
>ECK120010120 frdAp            reverse 4382412 Sigma70 Strong
taaaaaaatcgatctcgtcaaatttcagacttatccatcagactatactgttgtacctatAaaggagcagtggaatagcgt
>ECK125160646 frrp forward 192814 Sigma70 Strong
aatagcctaataatccagacgattacccgtaatatgtttaatcagggctatacttagcacActtccactgtgtgtgactgt
>ECK120034548 frsAp            forward 256502 Sigma70 Strong
caacgcctggcactgccgggcgttgttctttttaacttcaggcgggttacaatagtttccAgtaagtattctggaggctgc
>ECK125095453 ftnAp            forward 1988682 Sigma70 Strong
ataattgaagtttatattttaccttttgcaaataataaaataacaaattatagtgacgccAcagcaacaaatataaccttt
>ECK120029866 ftnBp2 forward 1986799 Sigma70 Strong
atataaacttgatgatttaagcattttcttatacccgttcagacgttattcttatttcagAtcatcgtcagaattgactcc
>ECK120009884 ftsAp1 forward 103561 Sigma70 Strong
ctgatgaattgaagattcatctggttgaatatgtgccgattgcgcggtggaatgatcaacAtatggtagacgcggaaggaa
>ECK125137688 ftsHp4 reverse 3326978 Sigma70 Strong
ctaaccgggagatttcagacgaaagtttgaaagatgctggatatagagtatcctgacgctGtttttaacacagttgtaata
>ECK120033247 ftsKp1 forward 933138 Sigma70 Strong
aagacgcgctaacacggaacaggtgcaaaatcggcgtattttgattacactcctgttaatCcatacagcaacagtactggg
>ECK120033248 ftsKp2 forward 932929 Sigma70 Strong
aattcaataccgctgtacaaaaacttgaagaaattcaggagtgtcatttagtatccggtgAtttcgactacctgttgaaaa
>ECK120011033 fumAp reverse 1688440 Sigma70 Strong
caaaaagtcgtactagtctcagtttttgttaaaaaagtgtgtaggatattgttactcgctTttaacagggcaacggaacac
>ECK120010186 furpa             reverse 710716 Sigma70 Strong
acaatatttgccagggacttgtggttttcatttaggcgtggcaattctataatgatacgcAttatctcaagagcaaattct
>ECK120009914 gabDp1 forward 2791172 Sigma70 Strong
ggcagcgacatcagcaattcctattggtgcgcatattgtcagcaaggtacaaacgctgttGgcaagccagagtaaccccgg
>ECK120049202 gadEp3 forward 3657800 Sigma70 Strong
ttagccatttcaaacattatcatggctgatattttccgtagtcaggtttaatgttttaaaAgtgctgtgggaaagtgaaca
>ECK125095186 gadEp4 forward 3658062 Sigma70 Strong
ccaattgccagcttaagtcgaaacaaggagactcgatatttaaatcggattacattttaaCtttagtaatattcttcagag
>ECK120015157 galPp             forward 3088255 Sigma70 Strong
attacactgatgtgatttgcttcacatctttttacgtcgtactcacctatcttaattcacAataaaaaataaccatattgg
>ECK120009842 galRp             forward 2976569 Sigma70 Strong
tcccacgatgaaaacacgccaccccttgaaccaacgggcgttttccgtaacactgaaagaAtgtaagcgtttacccactaa
>ECK120010121 galSp             reverse 2241710 Sigma70 Strong
tttccattgctgtgactcgattcacgaagtcctgtattcagtgctgacaaaatagccgccAgcaagcagtcatttactgca
>ECK120010521 gapAp1 forward 1862735 Sigma70 Strong
gtcgcaatgattgacacgattccgcttgacgctgcgtaaggtttttgtaattttacaggcAaccttttattcactaacaaa
>ECK120010522 gapAp3 forward 1862597 Sigma70 Strong
tgcacctaaatcgtgatgaaaatcacatttttatcgtaattgccctttaaaattcggggcGccgaccccatgtggtctcaa
>ECK120010523 gapAp4 forward 1862526 Sigma70 Strong
tgactgattctaacaaaacattaacaccaactggcaaaattttgtcctaaacttgatctcGacgaaatggctgcacctaaa
>ECK120010227 gatYp             reverse 2177234 Sigma70 Strong
tattgtcgtttttgtgatcgttatctcgatatttaaaaacaaataatttcattatattttGaaatcgaaaacaaacgacag
>ECK120009918 gcdp1             reverse 141263 Sigma70 Strong
atctgttaataaagctcgaattgtgatgacgatcacacatgttaaaacctataattaattGctactaaaatattaatgaat
>ECK120010229 gcvAp             reverse 2942639 Sigma70 Strong
aagtgccgccactataggtatttgctggtagaagctcaacggacaatttataatggctcaGattaaaaaaactaataggtt
>ECK120010091 gcvBp             forward 2942696 Sigma70 Strong
aatctgagccattataaattgtccgttgagcttctaccagcaaatacctatagtggcggcActtcctgagccggaacgaaa
>ECK120010677 gcvRp             forward 2599879 Sigma70 Strong
aagcagacagaaccgttctgattgttgtatgcatgttttttttatgctttccttaagaacAactcaccccttaaaggaata
>ECK125165390 gcvRp2 forward 2599806 Sigma70 Strong
acttcccgtgaacatgggccatcctctgtgcaaacaagtgtctcaatggtacgtttggtaTggcattaaaagcaagcagac
>ECK120010228 gcvTp             reverse 3050772 Sigma70 Strong
atgtgatgatcaattttaccttatggttaacagtctgtttcggtggtaagttcaggcaaaAgagaacgattgcgttgggga
>ECK120010334 gdhAp1 forward 1842308 Sigma70 Strong
ctttcctgggtcatttttttcttgcttaccgtcacattcttgatggtatagtcgaaaactGcaaaagcacatgacataaac
>ECK125203423 gfcAp             reverse 1050702 Sigma70 Strong
ttcgtaacaatttccttatctttaatttgtattttgctaagatttatcttatgctcacaaGtcgtatttccagagggggat
>ECK120010636 glcCp             forward 3128206 Sigma70 Strong
ccagctctgtgaccttgtcttggttaactcaatgttaaattgatgtaacataatcacttaCgtgatgtgcgtgttttgcga
>ECK120010635 glcDp            reverse 3128076 Sigma70 Strong
ggtctgaccggtagctaaagagatagacgaaaacgaaaagcccgcttaataactgttcacAgaagcagcgcgcaaaaatca
>ECK125134704 glgAp            reverse 3568392 Sigma70 Strong
gtggtgccggaactggatatgtacgatcgcaattggccaattcgcacctacaatgaatcaTtaccgccagcgaaattcgtg
>ECK125134703 glgBp           reverse 3573657 Sigma70 Strong
taagcgcagatgtttcatgatttaccgggagttaaatagagcattggctattctttaaggGtggctgaatacatgagtatt
>ECK120010187 glgCp1 reverse 3569389 Sigma70 Strong
ctggggagtggcacgccattcccccattcgctggagaggataacccagtgattacggctgTctggcagggacctgcacacg
>ECK120015382 glkp reverse 2509461 Sigma70 Strong
ttacagggagcctgcctttccggcgttgttgttatgcccccaggtatttacagtgtgagaAagaattattttgactttagc
>ECK120034272 glkp1           reverse 2509447 Sigma70 Strong
cctttccggcgttgttgttatgcccccaggtatttacagtgtgagaaagaattattttgaCtttagcggagcagttgaaga
>ECK120010584 glmUp1 reverse 3915223 Sigma70 Strong
ctgtccatttcacgatgaaaaaaatgtagttttttcaaggtgaagcggtttaaattcgttCtcaaattacagtcaggacgc
>ECK120010585 glmUp2 reverse 3915326 Sigma70 Strong
aaattaaggtactgccttaattttctgcagacaaaaggcgtgacgatggtcgaaaatggcGctttcgtcagcggggataat
>ECK120030810 glmZp forward 3986432 Sigma70 Strong
ttatctcataacaagtgttaagggatgttatttcccgattctctgtggcataataaacgaGtagatgctcattccatctct
>ECK120010124 glnAp1 reverse 4058222 Sigma70 Strong
gcataaaaagggttatccaaaggtcattgcaccaacatggtgcttaatgtttccattgaaGcactatattggtgcaacatt
>ECK120010569 glnBp1 reverse 2687441 Sigma70 Strong
cacgagctggatgcaaacgatttcaaggaatgaattggcgttatgtgttacgtttagcagAtcaaaagacaggcgaccttt
>ECK120010159 glnBp2 reverse 2687503 Sigma70 Strong
tcacccacgcggcgagaatggcggggcgcaaccggacagaattttataaactgctttcccGacacgagctggatgcaaacg
>ECK120010126 glpDp           forward 3561971 Sigma70 Strong
tcactctaaaatgttttttcaatgttacctaaagcgcgattctttgctaatatgttcgatAacgaacatttatgagcttta
>ECK120010231 glpFp           reverse 4118161 Sigma70 Strong
ggcacacacattttaagttcgatatttctcgtttttgctcgttaacgataagtttacagcAtgcctacaagcatcgtggag
>ECK120010020 glrKp           reverse 2691123 Sigma70 Strong
caaagccgggtaattcccggctttgttgtatctgaacttcccctcggttagcatcaggctAttcgcgtctgacgagagtaa
>ECK120010173 gltAp1 reverse 754767 Sigma70 Strong
aatcattcaacaaagttgttacaaacattaccaggaaaagcatataatgcgtaaaagttaTgaagtcggtatttcacctaa
>ECK120010240 gltBp           forward 3354509 Sigma70 Strong
acatttctgtaccaataagcttgccatttgacctgtatcagctttcccgataagttggaaAtccgctggaagctttctgga
>ECK120010678 gltXp1 reverse 2520784 Sigma70 Strong
caagatgatcgcaaaacagaccgtgttgcgcaatttgtcaacgaaaacaataatgcgtaaGgtagaaacccgaactacatt
>ECK120010680 gltXp3 reverse 2520730 Sigma70 Strong
gcgtaaggtagaaacccgaactacattgaggaatcaggcgggagtgatagaatatcgcccActtaatttttccaggatttg
>ECK120016952 glyQp           reverse 3725354 Sigma70 Strong
aagccctgctttttcccgtttcgtactgtatatcttccatccagcgggtatactgatcccTtcctttaaatccacacgtat
>ECK120048894 gmkp             forward 3821388 Sigma70 Strong
tgcgcaaaaagtgtgagcaagggctacgtcacatggccgcgccgtgtataataagctcgtAtgtaggctttatttcgctaa
>ECK120010350 gndp             reverse 2101324 Sigma70 Strong
aagcatataagcatggataagctatttatactttaataagtactttgtatacttatttgcGaacattccaggccgcgagca
>ECK120010270 gntKp            reverse 3577645 Sigma70 Strong
cttatacacttaaggcatggatggatattgcttctgatattgtccggctggacaatgttaCcgataacagttacccgtaac
>ECK120010055 gntPp            reverse 4551334 Sigma70 Strong
tgatcagaggatgtgacattcatcgcaacaatggttgaccaatttacataacatatcgccCaaaataacaacggttcaacc
>ECK120010030 gntRp2 reverse 3578818 Sigma70 Strong
gcttccggggttttgccgcgtcgttagcacaatgcgatgcaattgatttagtgtatatctAataattgtaaacaagcactg
>ECK120010271 gntTp1 forward 3546405 Sigma70 Strong
tttaaatttaccccgctctggtgattctcaaacgccagatgttacccgtatcattcacatGggtaccaaacatactcctga
>ECK120009959 gpmAp reverse 787632 Sigma70 Strong
tattttcgctatggttatgcgtaagcattgctgttgcttcgtcgcggcaatataatgagaAttattatcattaaaagatga
>ECK125109855 gpmAp2 reverse 787670 Sigma70 Strong
tgcaactcaatattcacaacaaccttacactgcgccactattttcgctatggttatgcgtAagcattgctgttgcttcgtc
>ECK120030212 gspAp1 reverse 3455519 Sigma70 Strong
acgatgtatgttctaataaaatagattgggtgggttgtatattgacgttagtataaatagTattaatgccgcttgcatgaa
>ECK120030209 gspCp2 forward 3455527 Sigma70 Strong
acatattactaatataaataaattttgcttgattcatgcaagcggcattaatactatttaTactaacgtcaatatacaacc
>ECK120010255 guaBp reverse 2634107 Sigma70 Strong
agcaagcattttttgcaaaaaggggtagatgcaatcggttacgctctgtataatgccgcgGcaatatttattaaccactct
>ECK120011036 gyrAp            reverse 2339457 Sigma70 Strong
ggatgtgaataaagcgtataggtttacctcaaactgcgcggctgtgttataatttgcgacCtttgaatccgggatacagta
>ECK120010403 gyrBp            reverse 3880150 Sigma70 Strong
atagacatgtcggacgaaaattcgaagatgtttaccgtggaaaagggtaaaataacggatTaacccaagtataaatgagcg
>ECK120030782 hchAp forward 2035780 Sigma70 Strong
cgccgactaccgctttcgatatattgactcaattttccagcctggttaaaaatagcgaccAgctcagtcgcaaatatagtg
>ECK120010051 hdeDp forward 3656960 Sigma70 Strong
taggaaatttttattaaatcgactgcattcttagacgcgtttttggcatagattgatagcAggggattttcttcttaattt
>ECK120010322 hemAp1 forward 1263676 Sigma70 Strong
attactccaaaagggggcgctctcttttattgatcttacgcatcctgtatgatgcaagcaGactaaccctatcaacgttgg
>ECK120009943 hemFp forward 2553205 Sigma70 Strong
ccacagcgattgctgaaggcgtgatcagttatttccactggttcgacaaccagaaagcacAttcgaaaaagcgataagtta
>ECK120029524 hemHp forward 498031 Sigma70 Strong
tgatttgacctctcacagcaattagttcttcttcctcacttttccgctacaattatcaacAagttgaatcgataagaggcg
>ECK120010684 hemNp forward 4051943 Sigma70 Strong
tctgctgataacccttccggttatatgttatctggtgtggttattcgttaaactacagcgGttgtcgcggcgacaaaagtg
>ECK120009982 hepAp reverse 63358 Sigma70 Strong
gagttcgccagataccattttgatgcgtgacgaatgctttgccatccagtaccatagcgcCctttccattcctggacctga
>ECK120010459 hflDp            reverse 1192686 Sigma70 Strong
gccagtctgccgtcttctataacggtgaagtgtgcctcggtggcggtattattgagcagcGtctgccgctgccggtctgat
>ECK120033702 hfqp2            forward 4399801 Sigma70 Strong
gatccacaaaggctttcccgggcactggaagtttttttcatttcgggtaaaactttaacgGaactgacgcaaacgtcagga
>ECK120033732 hfqp3            forward 4400220 Sigma70 Strong
gcgtgacgaagtattacaggttgttggtgctatcgcaggctgaatgtgtacaattgagacGtatcgtgcgcaattttttca
>ECK120051381 hicAp            forward 1509221 Sigma70 Strong
cttccttcctgattttgcattgcattctgccgttgcggcgatttagtgctattttcgagcAaattacacacggaggtaaac
>ECK125140836 higBp            reverse 3234480 Sigma70 Strong
ttccgtcacacagataaattcatccgttgccaatctggcaacggatgttatcatattgccAatttgtcaacggacgtgatg
>ECK120016954 hipBp            reverse 1592482 Sigma70 Strong
gtagagcggataagatgtgtttccagattgacttatcctcactaaaggataaaacttataAtatccccttaagcggataaa
>ECK120010349 hisBp            forward 2093360 Sigma70 Strong
ggcgcgctttaaagcctccagtgcggtgtttaaatctttgtgggatcagggcattatcttAcgtgatcagaataaacaacc
>ECK120030804 hisJpreverse 2426837 Sigma70 Strong
atacgtctaacggggcgggatattttgccttgatggtcaattttatggcacgataagtgtAacaaacctgtaaatattccc
>ECK120010361 hisSp            reverse 2640642 Sigma70 Strong
agcaggttgaaaaataataacgtgatgggaagcgcctcgcttcccgtgtatgattgaaccCgcatggctcccgaaacattg
>ECK120010201 hnsp reverse 1292958 Sigma70 Strong
tttgaattccttacattcctggctattgcacaactgaatttaaggctctattattacctcAacaaaccaccccaatataag
>ECK120009917 hptp forward 141360 Sigma70 Strong
acaattcgagctttattaacagattccgcgaatgaatagttttactggtatactgcgtgtCttgcgctttgttgcggtgcc
>ECK120010517 hscBp            reverse 2659524 Sigma70 Strong
cggcgaaagcttccacgtttgatgcgcataccgataaccccaccgtggtcgcctgcgcgtGgggtttgttttacctgattc
>ECK120029868 hslJpreverse 1441780 Sigma70 Strong
ctgcattccaggggagctgattcagataatccccaatgacctttcatcctctattcttaaAatagtcctgagtcagaaact
>ECK120010728 hupBp2 forward 461395 Sigma70 Strong
tcgggcttgcccttattaaggggtgttgtaaggggatggctggcctgatataactgctgcGcgttcgtaccttgaaggatt
>ECK120010729 hupBp3 forward 461332 Sigma70 Strong
cagggctggcaggctaattcgggcttgccagcctttttttgtctcgctaagttagatggcGgatcgggcttgcccttatta
>ECK120010541 hyaAp forward 1031984 Sigma70 Strong
aaaagataaatccacacagtttgtattgttttgtgcaaaagtttcactacgctttattaaCaatactttctggcgacgtgc
>ECK120010657 hybOp1 reverse 3146363 Sigma70 Strong
attaattacactaatgcttcttcccttcgttttagcgccccgccgcagtatcatgatatcGataaccataataaatgtgtg
>ECK125137466 hycIp4 reverse 2843102 Sigma70 Strong
attcgataaagcccgggcagcgcaaacttcgcagcagcaggaatggagtacaatgctgttAagtatgctgcatgatattca
>ECK120030663 hypFp2 reverse 2838014 Sigma70 Strong
aatgtattggttgccgtacctgtgaagtagcgtgcgtggtttctcatcaggaaaatcaggActgtgcatcgctgaccccgg
>ECK120030664 hypFp3 reverse 2838105 Sigma70 Strong
taaaaactggcatgatttgtgaatgtatcggcgcattaactgtcattgctggagaatttgAtgaaccgtttcatcattgct
>ECK120010174 icdAp1 forward 1195008 Sigma70 Strong
gcattatagcctaataacgcgcatctttcatgacggcaaacaatagggtagtattgacaaGccaattacaaatcattaaca
>ECK120010519 icdAp2 forward 1194961 Sigma70 Strong
tctaaaagaagttttttgcatggtattttcagagattatgaattgccgcattatagcctaAtaacgcgcatctttcatgac
>ECK120010038 idnKp            forward 4494597 Sigma70 Strong
tcttatcagtagaaataaaaaaacgtgaaattattatgccgccaggcgtagtatcgcagcAggtaagatgattcaggagat
>ECK120030653 ileSp1           forward 21833 Sigma70 Strong
gtaggtgatgatttccgctttggcgctggtcgtgaaggcgatttcttgttattacagaaaGctggcatggaatacggcttc
>ECK120010160 ilvCpforward 3957912 Sigma70 Strong
attgcaatgtgacgttgtgaatatatcaatttccgcaataaatttcctgtcatatagtgaAttcaatctcgcaaacgcgaa
>ECK120010153 ilvIHp1 forward 85600 Sigma70 Strong
gtgtttatgtctctggctgccaattgcttaagcaagatcggacggttaatgtgttttacaCattttttccgtcaaacagtg
>ECK120010278 ilvIp3           forward 85453 Sigma70 Strong
tgggctctctattttaggattaattaaaaaaatagagaaattgctgtaagttgtgggattCagccgatttattatcaattt
>ECK120010277 ilvIp4           forward 85420 Sigma70 Strong
ttttattgaatgtagaattttattctgaatgtgtgggctctctattttaggattaattaaAaaaatagagaaattgctgta
>ECK120010418 ilvLp1           forward 3950218 Sigma70 Strong
aaattgaatttttttcactcactattttatttttaaaaaacaacaatttatattgaaattAttaaacgcatcataaaaatc
>ECK120010419 ilvLp2           forward 3950290 Sigma70 Strong
ataaaaatcggccaaaaaatatcttgtactatttacaaaacctatggtaactctttaggcAttccttcgaacaagatgcaa
>ECK120010128 ilvYp reverse 3957867 Sigma70 Strong
gtttgcgagattgaattcactatatgacaggaaatttattgcggaaattgatatattcacAacgtcacattgcaatttttg
>ECK120010011 impp1 reverse 57156 Sigma70 Strong
gacgctattcggacaggattaacactagcgtagagatgacgagtacgttagtctctgaccGtttgtcacgcgcaacgttac
>ECK120010012 impp2 reverse 57241 Sigma70 Strong
cgttttccggctgcggtcaattgtgggacatcgcctataatttgcattatcatacctgtcAttcaatgccgtgcctaacac
>ECK120016571 infAp1 reverse 926685 Sigma70 Strong
ttttcaccacaagaatgaatgttttcggcacatttctccccagagtgttataattgcggtCgcagagttggttacgctcat
>ECK120016570 infAp2 reverse 926479 Sigma70 Strong
tttgttgcgatttagcgcgcaaatctttacttatttacagaacttcggcattatcttgccGgttcaaattacggtagtgat
>ECK120009955 infCp2 reverse 1800818 Sigma70 Strong
gcgggcattcgtgttaaagcagacttgagaaatgagaagattggctttaaaatccgcgagCacactttgcgtcgcgtccca
>ECK125137821 insHp3 reverse 3653268 Sigma70 Strong
gttgaaaataaaccttcgatttgtttgtcaagatattgtccatctttatataatttggggGtagggtgttctttatgtaaa
>ECK125134715 intSp            forward 2466515 Sigma70 Strong
ttcgtcatggttcgcttcagatcgttgacagccgcactccatgacgggtaaaaagtggatAaaataattttacccaccgga
>ECK125095431 iraDp1 forward 4556576 Sigma70 Strong
aagcatatcttattactaattggaatttgatgttgctatattgaggtctatattaataatGcctgtgaatggtatttttga
>ECK125134718 iraMp2 reverse 1212123 Sigma70 Strong
ttcacaaaatctcattttgtttaacatccattgagattccttgctttaaattttattttaTataagccatcattttaatta
>ECK120030215 iraPp1 forward 401319 Sigma70 Strong
gctggtaatcaaacaaaaaatatttgcgcaaagtatttcctttgtcataaaaataatactTccagacactatgaagttgtg
>ECK120009911 iscRp            reverse 2662199 Sigma70 Strong
cgactaaatcagtcaagtaaatagttgaccaatttactcgggaatgtcagacttgaccctGctatgcaatacccccacttt
>ECK120015164 istR-1p reverse 3853192 Sigma70 Strong
aaatacgtcaaaattcgtgccgaaattgcgcgttctgcgcggaacacgtatactttcagtGttgacataatacagtgtgct
>ECK120015163 istR-2p reverse 3853257 Sigma70 Strong
actgtataaataaacagtaatatttggacaaaacgcaaactgtgatcgatactcaactatGcactaaatacgtcaaaattc
>ECK120010127 ivbLp            reverse 3853023 Sigma70 Strong
cctcaattttcccttgctgaaaaattttccattgtctcccctgtaaagctgtgcttgtatAaatattgttaaacacaaaac
>ECK120011002 katGp            forward 4133812 Sigma70 Strong
atcgcatccgtggattaattcaattataacttctctctaacgctgtgtatcgtaacggtaAcactgtagaggggagcacat
>ECK120010094 kbaZp            forward 3278866 Sigma70 Strong
agatcagaaaaccattatctttcgttttatttttatctcaccatgacgcagtatcaactgAaacaaaacgaaagattaata
>ECK120010156 kblp reverse 3792577 Sigma70 Strong
tttgcagaagtgttaacgcgttatctcgtcgcgacctataagtttgggtaatatgtgctgGaatttgccctgtctggagaa
>ECK120010129 kdpFp            reverse 728849 Sigma70 Strong
tttacaccccgcccgcagatttttgcgaaatctttgcagccagaattctacccttccggtAtcacttttaggccactggag
>ECK120010694 kdsAp            forward 1267854 Sigma70 Strong
aatatcagcccgtcggcggaactgttttatgaagaccttgatgaagctgataacattgagGtaatccgcaaattgctggat
>ECK120030205 kdsCp1 forward 3342226 Sigma70 Strong
catatcacctccgtgatggttgccgatggcgaccatttactcggtgtgttacatatgcatGatttactgcgtgcaggcgta
>ECK125135016 kdsCp2 forward 3342010 Sigma70 Strong
ttgctggaagttacccgcaaaaatcttggtatgactgtcatttgcgatgacaatatgatgAttgaaggcatctttaccgac
>ECK125135017 kdsCp3 forward 3341719 Sigma70 Strong
cgcccggagagcagcatggcgcgcgccgcagatgtgcatctgtgtgttaaagtagcgaaaGaagcctgtccgttagggctg
>ECK120010130 lacZp1 reverse 366343 Sigma70 Strong
gctcactcattaggcaccccaggctttacactttatgcttccggctcgtatgttgtgtggAattgtgagcggataacaatt
>ECK125165942 lapAp2 forward 1340186 Sigma70 Strong
atcatcaacaatgcgtgtggatgccatttcgcagacggcgcgaaaatggtactttaaaggGctattgcggtaagttgacca
>ECK120010237 leuLp            reverse 83735 Sigma70 Strong
cgggacgtttttattgcgtcagggttgacatccgtttttgtatccagtaactctaaaagcAtatcgcattcatctggagct
>ECK120034384 leuOp            forward 84188 Sigma70 Strong
cgcggtagttatgattagattgttttcgcaacaaaaacattatggattattatgctgtggTaaatgactcattccacggca
>ECK120010131 lexAp            forward 4257087 Sigma70 Strong
ctctggtttattgtgcagtttatggttccaaaatcgccttttgctgtatatactcacagcAtaactgtatatacacccagg
>ECK125230251 lgtp reverse 2966121 Sigma70 Strong
tcatatacatatcttttaacggtatccggcaaccagccaggtccccttgtgctattattcGcacctttggagcgcctgaaa
>ECK120010241 livJp reverse 3599762 Sigma70 Strong
attgttaataaactgtcaaaatagctattccaatatcataaaaatcgggtatgttttagcAgagtatgctgctaaagcacg
>ECK120010242 livKp1           reverse 3597755 Sigma70 Strong
gtgaattattccgccctttgtgccgttattttatgctgacaaaggcacttttttctgtttAtctatcaataaattcagaat
>ECK120010666 lldPp            forward 3777289 Sigma70 Strong
tttcccaattaaaactcacatcaatgttgccaatacataacatttagttaaccattcattGtcattatccctacacaacac
>ECK120033254 loiPp            forward 3081892 Sigma70 Strong
ccttatactgagactgagcgtcgattcacctgcaaacggcgcatttttagaataatcctgAccttgtgcggaagagaaaac
>ECK125145768 lolAp            forward 937328 Sigma70 Strong
aactgaaaattcagtattttcttctttcctcaagctgattattagcctggaatagagagtAgagggaactcccgatcggga
>ECK120010282 lpdAp            forward 127717 Sigma70 Strong
tagacaaatcggttgccgtttgttgtttaaaaattgttaacaattttgtaaaataccgacGgatagaacgacccggtggtg
>ECK125135018 lptAp2 forward 3343299 Sigma70 Strong
agatcaatctggtgacgcaggatgttacctctgaagacctcgtcacgttatacggaacaaCatttaactccagcggtctga
>ECK120010239 lrpp forward 932328 Sigma70 Strong
ttgtactaaaaatcgatgttttgctttgacaatcccctggtgttttgcgaaaacattcgaGgaagaaaaaaaacagtattc
>ECK120029295 lspAp            forward 25014 Sigma70 Strong
tgggcgatgaattacgatttgtcctgttgacctccggcgctaccgttgcagactataacgAcgcacctgctgatgctcagc
>ECK120010648 lysCp1 reverse 4233539 Sigma70 Strong
atgaaaaatccgcatgaccccatcgttgacaaccgccccgctcaccctttatttataaatGtactacctgcgctagcgcag
>ECK120010647 lysCp2 reverse 4233616 Sigma70 Strong
ccgttagcgtaatgttgagtgtaaacccttagcgcagtgaagcatttattagctgaactaCtgaccgccaggagtggatga
>ECK125203418 lysOp            reverse 914895 Sigma70 Strong
cataacatttccttttaattgcaactttactcgtccttccgctttcagtagtgtgtcatcGcgcatttcgacttcatcttt
>ECK120010688 lysPp            reverse 2248560 Sigma70 Strong
gtgtcttataaccgtgtatttctgccggaaggattgccaatcgtctgctacaatcgcgccTcatttttaagatggatagca
>ECK120010265 lysUp1 reverse 4354805 Sigma70 Strong
gatggttatttattagtgatatcaacttgaggtaagcgttagtttcgataagataaactgAgttactaatagtcgaggcag
>ECK120010132 malEp reverse 4246464 Sigma70 Strong
cggtggggcgtaggggcaaggaggatggaaagaggttgccgtataaagaaactagagtccGtttaggtgttttcacgagca
>ECK120011041 malIp            reverse 1699228 Sigma70 Strong
aaattttagtgaggcataaatcacattacgcaacgataatagcgggtataagataaataaAaggtaaaacgttttatctgt
>ECK120010134 malPp reverse 3552510 Sigma70 Strong
tccctgcctaatcccccgcaggatgaggaaggtcaacatcgagcctggcaaactagcgatAacgttgtgttgaaaatctaa
>ECK120010199 malSp forward 3737470 Sigma70 Strong
cctgtggacttaccgctcagggatgagttttgtttggcttatcgctggcaaactgtctgaAatcgcagcaataaggactca
>ECK120011030 malTp            forward 3553024 Sigma70 Strong
cagacacataaaaaaacgtcatcgcttgcattagaaaggtttctggccgaccttataaccAttaattacgaagcgcaaaaa
>ECK120010195 malXp forward 1699313 Sigma70 Strong
tcgttgcgtaatgtgatttatgcctcactaaaatttgataaaacgttttatcttctcgcgCaatttactgaatccagattg
>ECK120010326 manAp forward 1688551 Sigma70 Strong
cgactttttgcggctccaggttacttcccgtaggattcttgctttaatagtgggattaatTtccacattaaaacagggatt
>ECK120010247 manXp forward 1901933 Sigma70 Strong
gaaagttaaattacggatcttcatcacataaaataattttttcgatatctaaaataaatcGcgaaacgcaggggtttttgg
>ECK120010175 mdhp1 reverse 3384313 Sigma70 Strong
ctacacattcttgagatgtggtcattgtaaacggcaattttgtggattaaggtcgcggcaGcggagcaacatatcttagtt
>ECK120010486 mdoGp1 forward 1109278 Sigma70 Strong
tgctgaacgataccgggattctgttgtcggaatggctggttatccattaaaatagatcggAtcgatataagcacacaaagg
>ECK120009991 mdoGp2 forward 1109257 Sigma70 Strong
tgcttaatccatgagccagcgtgctgaacgataccgggattctgttgtcggaatggctggTtatccattaaaatagatcgg
>ECK120010194 melAp forward 4341887 Sigma70 Strong
tgggaatgctcaacctggaagccggaggttttctgcagattcgcctgccatgatgaagttAttcaagcaagccaggagatc
>ECK120010135 melRp reverse 4341650 Sigma70 Strong
agggtgaaaaccgtgctcccactcgcagtcatcctccctcactcctgccataattctgatAttccaggaaagagagccatc
>ECK120009850 menAp reverse 4120406 Sigma70 Strong
catctggatgcgttggtggcagatgaagatctgagccgttttatcctataatcgcgttcaAtcattttcatcattgtttga
>ECK120010062 metAp2 forward 4214159 Sigma70 Strong
gtgagcggcgaatactaataaccattttctctccttttagtcattcttatattctaacgtAgtcttttccttgaaactttc
>ECK120010434 metBp forward 4128636 Sigma70 Strong
aagaagtttagatgtccagatgtattgacgtccattaacacaatgtttactctggtgcctGacatttcaccgacaaagccc
>ECK120011003 metFp forward 4132546 Sigma70 Strong
tttcctcaccatcattggtcatttttcggttgacgcccttcggcttttccttcatctttaCatctggacgtctaaacggat
>ECK120034265 metGp forward 2194269 Sigma70 Strong
tttacctgaagaatatagagaagtacttacttaacattttcccatttggtactatctaacCccttttcactattaagaagt
>ECK125203415 metGp2 forward 2193758 Sigma70 Strong
tgcgcccaacattgttgggattgatgggccgtagatatcggcgtccagaatgccgactttCgccccttctgccgccagcgc
>ECK125140843 metHp2 forward 4223505 Sigma70 Strong
ggtgggtcgtggaattgggtaacccggcttgttgcgccagttccgtgagtgccacactgcCattggattcggcaatccact
>ECK120010432 metJp2 reverse 4128529 Sigma70 Strong
catctaaacttctttgcgtatagattgagcaaatcccaaatagccgttaaaattatatgcAttatcacgccgacaggtgca
>ECK120010431 metJp3 reverse 4128466 Sigma70 Strong
atcacgccgacaggtgcattacacgatgtcacggtaacgcctgtacggtaaactatgcggGtttacggtcagtacccacat
>ECK120009903 metKp forward 3086577 Sigma70 Strong
gattcaaaaaaaagtggaaatagggtgaagaattgacctaaaatagccatccagatgttaAtccatccataccgattaaca
>ECK120009925 metNp reverse 222714 Sigma70 Strong
aaagtgctcttcgcataaacctgattgatttagacgtctggatgccttaacatccatttcAttgacggcgttgcccgtttc
>ECK120010387 metYp1 reverse 3318297 Sigma70 Strong
cggtacaccaaatcccagcagtatttgcattttttacccaaaacgagtagaatttgccacGtttcaggcgcggggtggagc
>ECK120010614 metYp2 reverse 3318375 Sigma70 Strong
cattcacatgattagcaataaacgttgacaaaatgtggcgtggatcactataatgcctgcAgattttacgtcccgtctcgg
>ECK120010597 metZp forward 2947382 Sigma70 Strong
tccgtgatcggggtaaaaaaaaggttgcatgaaaacgcgagcggagtatagtgcgcatccAcggacgcggggtggagcagc
>ECK120009920 mfdp1 reverse 1174028 Sigma70 Strong
atcgccccagccggggcgattcaatttgctaaaccatgtcgattacggataatgaacagcAttgcttatcagagatatgcc
>ECK120009921 mfdp2 reverse 1173992 Sigma70 Strong
tgtcgattacggataatgaacagcattgcttatcagagatatgcccccatatgttgaggcAtatcctaacgagaatctgac
>ECK125108719 mgrRp reverse 1622914 Sigma70 Strong
attaaccgagtttaagctccgtttaacattcattgagaaaactgatgctactgtgtcaacGattcgttatcagtgcaggaa
>ECK120010639 mgtAp1 forward 4467363 Sigma70 Strong
cagcaatgggtaaagtctggtttatcgttggtttagttgtcagcaggtattatatcgccaTagatgctacgaatattattg
>ECK120009930 mgtAp2 forward 4467280 Sigma70 Strong
atctttgatggtcagccgattttgcatcctgttgtcctgtaacgtgttgtttaattatttGagcctaacgttacccgtgca
>ECK120009928 mhpAp forward 368519 Sigma70 Strong
cctggtgcacattcgggcatgttttgattgtagccgaaaacacccttcctatactgagcgCacaataaaaaatcatttaca
>ECK120009929 mhpRp reverse 368528 Sigma70 Strong
aaaatgtcgttgcgcgcacagtacagcgcaacttattttgttaaaaacatgtaaatgattTtttattgtgcgctcagtata
>ECK120033730 miaAp1 forward 4399052 Sigma70 Strong
tttacccttacgccaacaaaatttacaaatcttgattcctgaactgataggctacctggcGaagcagtccgtattcgaacc
>ECK120022366 micCp forward 1437121 Sigma70 Strong
aagataatacatacaaaataaaaattatacttttaatttgctatacgttattctgcgcggGttatatgcctttattgtcac
>ECK120010351 micFp           forward 2313084 Sigma70 Strong
aagtatttgacagcactgaatgtcaaaacaaaaccttcactcgcaactagaataactcccGctatcatcattaactttatt
>ECK120010771 mlcp1           reverse 1668603 Sigma70 Strong
gttaatcacatgcctaagtaaaaatttgacgacacgtattgaagtgcttcaccatagcctAcagattatttcggagcgcga
>ECK125122037 mlrAp forward 2214840 Sigma70 Strong
tagatgcacaaaaaacgggcaaaactacctggttcgcaaaactgcgtctaaagttaaaccGggacctcgcgagcaagggtg
>ECK120015467 mntHp reverse 2512734 Sigma70 Strong
tcaccacaatccatttaaatgaatttgataatcattctcgtttggcatagcatgaaacatAgcaaaggctatgttttagag
>ECK125140756 mntPp forward 1905459 Sigma70 Strong
aagcaatgaaataatatattccaacagttgttttatattctcaaaatatgttaaggttgcGccctcatttggggagtagcc
>ECK120010716 modAp forward 795062 Sigma70 Strong
ctcacaaaggttagcaataactgctgggaaaattccgagttagtcgttatattgtcgcctAcataacgttacattaagggg
>ECK120009998 moeAp reverse 866394 Sigma70 Strong
acccagcgctacgcccgaggtggcatacagtctgtggcgtttttctgacataataggcaaAttcgattttgcctccgcagg
>ECK120015463 molR_1p forward 2196445 Sigma70 Strong
agttgttttcttgcgattttgtctctctctaacccgcataaatactggtagcatctgcatTcaactggataaaattacagg
>ECK120009849 mplp2 forward 4455760 Sigma70 Strong
aaattacggattatcctgaaatgcgtttctcacttgcccgacatatgcgtaaaatgagcgGcagattaaaaaaggatagtg
>ECK120010556 mprAp forward 2810747 Sigma70 Strong
gaatcatttttctaaaacaatacatttactttatttgtcactgtcgttactatatcggctGaaattaatgaggtcataccc
>ECK120051399 mqsRp reverse 3168653 Sigma70 Strong
caaactggcgctactaatgcgccactttcttatatggtcaatcactttccttaaagaataCgttttgtgtggtcactatct
>ECK125095449 mqsRp2 reverse 3168562 Sigma70 Strong
aactaaccttttaggtgctttttcattgctgtaattaaccttttaggttataactaaagtAacagggaggcgggggttatg
>ECK120009845 mraZp forward 89596 Sigma70 Strong
tatgccttgtgactggcttgacaagcttttcctcagctccgtaaactcctttcagtgggaAattgtggggcaaagtgggaa
>ECK120011130 mreBp1 reverse 3401129 Sigma70 Strong
ttcaccgtagcagatgatttttgcgccttgtcgctgctgcgtgtggttggtaaagtaagcGgattttcttttccgccccag
>ECK120030647 mreBp3 reverse 3401356 Sigma70 Strong
atattcacaaagatactcggtttaacctgccgtttaatccgttttcacgtagaataatgcGcgctgcgtctcatgggagtg
>ECK125203414 mrpp              reverse 2194203 Sigma70 Strong
atagtaccaaatgggaaaatgttaagtaagtacttctctatattcttcaggtaaactatcAgctgatggtttatctataca
>ECK125137090 msrBp6 reverse 1862464 Sigma70 Strong
agatcaagtttaggacaaaattttgccagttggtgttaatgttttgttagaatcagtcacGtaatgtgagcacgattaaag
>ECK120030650 mtnp              reverse 179183 Sigma70 Strong
gtgccatgtcctctcccgcgtgagaaatacgcttccccgtaagcgcatggtaaactatgcCttcaaatcgggcttatcgcg
>ECK120011032 mtrp2 reverse 3305860 Sigma70 Strong
tttttaccatcggggctttttttctgtcttttgtactcgtgtactggtacagtgcaatgcAtaacaacgcagtcgcactat
>ECK120035117 murQp1 forward 2545733 Sigma70 Strong
tgcgagtgtagactcaatgattcctttaagcctgtcaattcgggatatatgattccatacAtctgcaattatttgatcgta
>ECK120035116 murRp reverse 2545793 Sigma70 Strong
gcacatttccagcgtcgatacgcggtcaatttcagccgaggcggtgttcgagccttcagtAatcatcttttcaaattgcat
>ECK120033728 mutLp1 forward 4397100 Sigma70 Strong
agccaggcggtgctggatttacagttcggtcattcccagcgggtagggtatgatgtagcgAccagtatgatcagtcagttg
>ECK120034946 nadEp forward 1822302 Sigma70 Strong
catattcttgttcatattccgtcctcttgtttatcagcgtgttagataagcctggaatacAttgggcgctttttcaagccc
>ECK120010137 nagBp reverse 703708 Sigma70 Strong
atatcgttattatcactcccttttactggctaaaccagaaaacttattttatcattcaaaAaatcaggtcggattgacgcc
>ECK120033606 nagCp1 reverse 701865 Sigma70 Strong
cgccagcaggtgccaacattgaacagttcatttttgcgggtaaaacaatatactaccgtaAcggactttgtgtggatgaga
>ECK120033607 nagCp2 reverse 702008 Sigma70 Strong
acctggcctggcgggcgcgatcctcgacgaagctgacatttattgcggtattattgctgaTggcctgcatgttgattacgc
>ECK120010015 nagEp forward 703840 Sigma70 Strong
actcacaaaagacacgcgtttaatttgcgatacgaattaaattttcacacactctgtagcAgatgatctaacaatctgatt
>ECK120009897 nanAp reverse 3373620 Sigma70 Strong
agatcgcattataagctttctgtatggggtgttgcttaattgatctggtataacaggtatAaaggtatatcgtttatcaga
>ECK120010630 napFp1 reverse 2303574 Sigma70 Strong
acaggttttaccccgatcggggtatgcatctttgacacatcctttaatatcttagcggctAtaaaaatggcttattaatta
>ECK120011005 narGp forward 1279807 Sigma70 Strong
tccccatcactcttgatcgttatcaattcccacgctgtttcagagcgttaccttgcccttAaacattagcaatgtcgattt
>ECK120011006 narKp1 forward 1277932 Sigma70 Strong
ttatcttatcgtttgatttacatcaaattgcctttagctacagacactaaggtggcagacAtcgaaacgagtatcagaggt
>ECK120015955 narKp2 forward 1277821 Sigma70 Strong
cgctttacatcggtaagggtagggattttacagcaccgtgaaaaatctcataatttttatGaagtcactgtactcactatg
>ECK120010216 ndhp             forward 1165992 Sigma70 Strong
aacttgattaacatcaattttggtatgaccaatgcaccattcatgttattctcaatagcgAagaacattttcattgctgta
>ECK120034939 nemRp forward 1726021 Sigma70 Strong
gttaatgtccaaagtagcaactttgcttgcactagaccgactggtctactacactccaacGcatgaacaaacacaccgaac
>ECK120010244 nfop forward 2250806 Sigma70 Strong
attcaaagcgtcatcgcataaaccactacatcttgctcctgttaacccgctatcattaccGttttcctccagcgggtttaa
>ECK120010037 nfsBp            reverse 605453 Sigma70 Strong
gaaatctatagcgcatttttctcgcttaccatttctcgttgaaccttgtaatctgctggcAcgcaaaattactttcacatg
>ECK120010251 nhaAp1 forward 17458 Sigma70 Strong
aattattcctacactataatctgattttaacgatgattcgtgcggggtaaaatagtaaaaAcgatctattcacctgaaaga
>ECK125136816 nhaBp7 reverse 1234767 Sigma70 Strong
catctctttccccttgactatcaagacttgcctcactcctgcctgaccgttaagctttgcGtttaaacataaaaacatcat
>ECK120011007 nirBp            forward 3493987 Sigma70 Strong
ataaaggtgaatttgatttacatcaataagcggggttgctgaatcgttaaggtaggcggtAatagaaaagaaatcgaggca
>ECK125137062 nlpCp5 reverse 1792760 Sigma70 Strong
tcgaccatctgatttcattagtatcttgaaaatcgggtaattacgacgctaaattaatgcAagaataaaaaacagaggaac
>ECK120010530 nlpDp1 reverse 2868829 Sigma70 Strong
gtgaggaaatacctggatttttcctggttattttgccgcaggtcagcgtatcgtgaacatCttttccagtgttcagtaggg
>ECK120010531 nlpDp2 reverse 2868782 Sigma70 Strong
gtatcgtgaacatcttttccagtgttcagtagggtgccttgcacggtaattatgtcactgGttattaaccaatttttcctg
>ECK120010138 nrdAp forward 2344755 Sigma70 Strong
ttcctgagttatccacaaagttatgcacttgcaagagggtcattttcacactatcttgcaGtgaatcccaaacataccccc
>ECK120010044 nrdDp reverse 4462838 Sigma70 Strong
caaaaaaagctcaaacatccttgatgcaaagcactatatatagactttaaaatgcgtcccAacccaatatgttgtattaat
>ECK120009855 nrdHp forward 2800656 Sigma70 Strong
ccactatttgctatatattgtgtggttgaatcttttttcaactacatctagtatctctgtAtcaacagagagacaacccga
>ECK120033028 nrdRp            forward 432977 Sigma70 Strong
ctttatctcaaaagcgttgcgcctttgttgtatcgtcagttcagggtaaaatagatttccGttaaccacctggtcaggacg
>ECK120010250 nrfAp            forward 4287671 Sigma70 Strong
atgcacttacaattgattaaagacaacattcacagtgtggttatttgttacacataggggCgagcaatgtcatgacagtgt
>ECK120010535 nuoAp2 reverse 2405162 Sigma70 Strong
atagaaaggagtaaaaaaccacatcaattagctgtataaaagaatttctacagtgattgtAaggttttttttattcctccc
>ECK120010207 nupCp forward 2513009 Sigma70 Strong
acgtcattatagtgtgtgtcagatctcgttttccttaaccatgttacatagaatgtgcacGgaaatttaacctgcctcata
>ECK120010192 nupGp forward 3105651 Sigma70 Strong
tttgcaattatttgccacaggtaacaaaaaaccagtccgcgaagttgatagaatcccatcAtctcgcacggtcaaatgtgc
>ECK120032971 ohsCp forward 2700518 Sigma70 Strong
ttttatgctaaagattgcaagttgcttgtaaaagataagtacactgatccataatcgctgTtgttgagggtgcatgctgca
>ECK120010139 ompAp1 reverse 1020191 Sigma70 Strong
tttttttcatatgcctgacggagttcacacttgtaagttttcaactacgttgtagactttAcatcgccaggggtgctcggc
>ECK120010140 ompCp1 reverse 2312830 Sigma70 Strong
cttaaaagttttagtatcatattcgtgttggattattctgcatttttggggagaatggacTtgccgactgattaatgaggg
>ECK120010663 ompRp1 reverse 3536707 Sigma70 Strong
taacgtgatcatatcaacagaatcaataatgtttcgccgaataaattgtatacttaagctGctgtttaatatgctttgtaa
>ECK120010235 ompRp2 reverse 3536685 Sigma70 Strong
tcaataatgtttcgccgaataaattgtatacttaagctgctgtttaatatgctttgtaacAatttaggctgaaattcatac
>ECK120010664 ompRp3 reverse 3536639 Sigma70 Strong
atatgctttgtaacaatttaggctgaaattcataccagatttagctggtgacgaacgtgaGcttttttaagaatacacgct
>ECK120010665 ompRp4 reverse 3536755 Sigma70 Strong
tcatctcgttgattccctttgtctgtttgataatgcgcacattgggtataacgtgatcatAtcaacagaatcaataatgtt
>ECK120034941 ompXp1 forward 850209 Sigma70 Strong
atacccaatgctggttgagcatttgttgaaaaaattttcccccgttttgactaaaatgcgCcaggattgatggaatcatta
>ECK120010476 osmBp2 reverse 1343369 Sigma70 Strong
gcgcgagcagatttcacggaataatttcaccagacttattcttagctattatagttatagAgagcttacttccgtgaatca
>ECK120010487 osmEp reverse 1822283 Sigma70 Strong
aagcggagccgtttcgttcacgggcttgaaaaagcgcccaatgtattccaggcttatctaAcacgctgataaacaagagga
>ECK120010473 osmYp forward 4611153 Sigma70 Strong
ttgcttatgttttcgctgatatcccgagcggtttcaaaattgtgatctatatttaacaaaGtgatgacatttctgacggcg
>ECK120010709 paaAp forward 1453865 Sigma70 Strong
atccgtcacagttcaaacatacaaaatttgtgattttacttaactattgtgtaactttcaTaaaacaatgtgattcgtgtt
>ECK120010753 paaXp forward 1463509 Sigma70 Strong
ggccctggtggggtaaagcgccagggccagaagtcgatacgacctgtgctatgattcataAatcacaacaataacaacaga
>ECK120010393 pabAp1 reverse 3490851 Sigma70 Strong
ctgcagatgatatttagcaaagtggtaagcgaagccggggaatctgagtaaaatagcgcgGttcttttgtaccggagccgc
>ECK120034550 panBp reverse 149630 Sigma70 Strong
tggcagtgctgctacggataaatcattgcccccaccaatgtgactgataaaatgccagacAgcacaacatcaatttatcag
>ECK125203426 panDp2 reverse 146754 Sigma70 Strong
gctgacgcaaatgccgtcagatgagtagacactaaacaaaaatcgggcaatactgcgtgaGaatttcctcaaagcaggcat
>ECK120010202 pckp forward 3532679 Sigma70 Strong
gatttaaccttttgagaacattttccacacctaaaatgctatttctgcgataatagcaacCgtttcgtgacaggaatcacg
>ECK120016348 pcnBp1 reverse 159151 Sigma70 Strong
caacattctcaaatgcgtcatgctgagctatgattagccgctatttttttgtcctgaatgAtgtttgacactaccgaggtg
>ECK120016349 pcnBp2 reverse 159195 Sigma70 Strong
aaactggcggcttaccgccgtgcccgagtcggcaattgtaaattcaacattctcaaatgcGtcatgctgagctatgattag
>ECK120009927 pcnBp3 reverse 159171 Sigma70 Strong
cgagtcggcaattgtaaattcaacattctcaaatgcgtcatgctgagctatgattagccgCtatttttttgtcctgaatga
>ECK120030665 pdeLp1 forward 332039 Sigma70 Strong
ctatgtgtttatgagggagaggtattttcagttgatctggattgttaaattcatataatgCgcctttgctcatgaatggat
>ECK120030666 pdeLp2 forward 331873 Sigma70 Strong
tttattgaatgttttaaatattgtttttattggcattgctataatattggttatcatttgCtgaatggattcagtcttaat
>ECK120010280 pdhRp forward 122034 Sigma70 Strong
ttcatgatttcaatcaaaacctgtatggacataaggtgaatactttgttactttagcgtcAcagacatgaaattggtaaga
>ECK120049220 pepAp1 reverse 4486139 Sigma70 Strong
aactcgtcttttgcaggattttagcttgtttcatggcttaaacgtcatttattctcttgaGtcgtcgaaatcgtcgctaag
>ECK120049221 pepAp2 reverse 4486112 Sigma70 Strong
gtttcatggcttaaacgtcatttattctcttgagtcgtcgaaatcgtcgctaagataattAtactcaacggattcacctct
>ECK120026311 pepDp3 reverse 255737 Sigma70 Strong
cctgtcttgtgttgacaacattttctgctaaccctgtgacctgcaatactgttttgcgggTgatcgacaaggagacttaac
>ECK125109852 pfkAp1 forward 4107522 Sigma70 Strong
tactatttgcacattcgttggatcacttcgatgtgcaagaagacttccggcaacagatttCattttgcattccaaagttca
>ECK120010770 pfkAp2 forward 4107474 Sigma70 Strong
accgccatttggcctgacctgaatcaattcagcaggaagtgattgttatactatttgcacAttcgttggatcacttcgatg
>ECK125199579 pflAp             reverse 951154 Sigma70 Strong
gggccttttttagcgcgagagccttttttgtcagctatctatactttaaggtgactgccaAaacagactcgacgtagcctt
>ECK120010649 pgip forward 4233722 Sigma70 Strong
acattacgctaacggcactaaaaccatcacatttttctgtgactggcgctacaatcttccAaagtcacaattctcaaaatc
>ECK120015412 pgkp1             reverse 3072857 Sigma70 Strong
gaagtcaacctgttgctgcaaaaagcagcacaaggtgcatttcatggtatagttgactatAcggaattgccgttggtctct
>ECK125109854 pgkp3             reverse 3072735 Sigma70 Strong
cacccaaacccgggtcagtggcgcacacctgatcaaaacgttggtctggtgcgataacgaAtggggctttgctaaccgaat
>ECK125165943 pgpBp forward 1339309 Sigma70 Strong
cggaatggcacaaatctgtcaatttttcctggaactggcgttttcagttatgattgtgggActtatcaaaaaggagaggcc
>ECK120010366 pheLp forward 2737579 Sigma70 Strong
aacgcgccttcgggcgcgttttttgttgacagcgtgaaaacagtacgggtactgtactaaAgtcacttaaggaaacaaaca
>ECK120015419 phePp forward 601929 Sigma70 Strong
cccgtttaaccgtgtggattgtgtcttgcgacgatgggcactaaatgttaaaaggtgcccCtcaacaaaaaagacacacag
>ECK120010252 phnCp reverse 4325206 Sigma70 Strong
atcgaattcccgttaactcttcatctgttagtcacttttaattaaccaaatcgtcacaatAatccgccacgatggagccac
>ECK120011028 phoEp reverse 260158 Sigma70 Strong
ttttaagaatattattaatctgtaatatatctttaacaatctcaggttaaaaactttcctGttttcaacgggactctcccg
>ECK120010317 phoHp1 forward 1084865 Sigma70 Strong
gcacacagcttttttcatcactgtcatcactctgtcatctttccagtagaaactaatgtcActgaaatggtgttttatagt
>ECK125134711 phoUp reverse 3907665 Sigma70 Strong
ggctgcgcgttgttccgaccacacggcgtttatgtacctgggcgaattgattgagttcagCaacacggacgatctgttcac
>ECK125140844 pkapforward 2719931 Sigma70 Strong
aaaacgcaacatctgggtagcatcacagcagaacagttagaaagcgtttaaaatcattcgGtcacttctgcgggagaccgg
>ECK125203411 plsXp             forward 1147577 Sigma70 Strong
ggccgcaaggtcatcgctaagtaatcacgcatctgcgtgatgaagcttagtgaggattttCcccaggcaactggggaaaga
>ECK120011045 pncBp reverse 990414 Sigma70 Strong
aaaggtggcatatggtgtgatcggggttcaataaattgcgaaacaaggtatactccagcaGttcctgaagatgtttattgt
>ECK120010385 pnpp              reverse 3311326 Sigma70 Strong
gagtggccccttttttcaagctgacggcagcaattcactggaaactaatgtattgttgctAtgaatgatcttccgttgcag
>ECK120010560 ppiAp1 reverse 3492335 Sigma70 Strong
agatacgtaaaattaggtaaagggatggccttgttcttgaaggctatttagaatctcttcActtgctttttttctgctctg
>ECK120010558 ppiDp2 forward 461819 Sigma70 Strong
ggcgcatctactgatgtgccttttttatttgtattcggtgactttctgcgtcttgtgggcTgacaattgcccccgtttctt
>ECK120010220 ppsp reverse 1787161 Sigma70 Strong
tatatttgcttgaacgattcaccgtttttttcatccggttaaatatgcaaagataaatgcGcagaaatgtgtttctcaaac
>ECK120010681 pqiAp1 forward 1011666 Sigma70 Strong
ccgcggcaaaagcagaaactgtaaaacgcagcagtagcaaactaagctataaattgcagcGcgaactggagcagctaccgc
>ECK120010213 proPp1 forward 4330320 Sigma70 Strong
tcctaaacgaaatccatgtgtgaagttgatcacaaatttaaacactggtagggtaaaaagGtcattaactgcccaattcag
>ECK120010285 proSp            reverse 218837 Sigma70 Strong
aaccgcgttaaattcacgcccttctcttttgacatttcttttgcactggtaaactaaatcActtttttttgtcccaggctc
>ECK120010368 proVp1 forward 2804563 Sigma70 Strong
taattcccgccaaatagctttttatcacgcaaataatttgtggtgatctacactgatactCtgttgcattattcgcctgaa
>ECK120010369 proVp2 forward 2804599 Sigma70 Strong
tttgtggtgatctacactgatactctgttgcattattcgcctgaaaccacaatattcaggCgttttttcgctatctttgac
>ECK120010370 proVp3 forward 2804755 Sigma70 Strong
ttcatgccacatttgccatcaggggttgcctcagattctcagtatgttagggtagaaaaaAgtgactatttccattgggta
>ECK120011046 prsp reverse 1262177 Sigma70 Strong
tcgcaagaaaacgttttcgcgaggttgatgcggtgctttcctggctgttagaatacgcccCgtcgcgcctgactgggacag
>ECK120009916 psiEp            forward 4240300 Sigma70 Strong
tgaacaaaacatacacaaaaaatatagatctccgtcacatttttgcgttatacaggaagcTcgccactgtgaaggaggtac
>ECK120009905 pspFp1 reverse 1367945 Sigma70 Strong
tatctttttgatttataaagatctgattgaagaatcaacagcaacatgccaggatgagttAgcgaattacactaacaagtg
>ECK120009906 pspFp2 reverse 1367929 Sigma70 Strong
aaagatctgattgaagaatcaacagcaacatgccaggatgagttagcgaattacactaacAagtggcgaatttcatcatgg
>ECK120009907 pspFp3 reverse 1368040 Sigma70 Strong
caaagcgagaaaaaatacccataatgttgtcctcttgatttctgcgttcaggattgtcctGctgaactgttaatacaattt
>ECK125137427 pssAp6 forward 2722667 Sigma70 Strong
atcatgagtaaggtactggaaatgttgaccacttaatcgggactggtgttattattgcccGcttatgtcgtctgcattgca
>ECK125134709 pstBp1 reverse 3908556 Sigma70 Strong
ttaccctgtgcgtactgctgctgaacattctggcgcgcgttgtttttgcgaagaataaacAcggttgatattgctgacacg
>ECK125134707 pstCp            reverse 3910542 Sigma70 Strong
cggggctaaacaggcgaacgacctggattacgccagcctgccggatagtgtagttgaacaGgttcgcgctgcgtggaagac
>ECK120010253 pstSp            reverse 3911568 Sigma70 Strong
tcataaaactgtcatattccttacatataactgtcacctgtttgtcctattttgcttctcGtagccaacaaacaatgcttt
>ECK120009901 pthp reverse 1258542 Sigma70 Strong
tatctgcatttgatacgcagttttttgtcaagcggggccgcaaccagtaaactacgcgccAgttatgtacacactcaggac
>ECK120010375 ptrAp            reverse 2959011 Sigma70 Strong
aatcagtcatgagtgctgtataaaaattgcgcaatctatccgcttactttatgatgcgcaCcagtcacggactgatggtta
>ECK120009862 ptsGp2 forward 1157626 Sigma70 Strong
atccgttgaatgagtttttttaaagctcgtaattaatggctaaaacgagtaaagttcaccGccgaaaattgggcggtgaat
>ECK120010357 ptsHp2 forward 2533601 Sigma70 Strong
caaagctgaatcgattttatgatttggttcaattcttcctttagcggcataatgtttaatGacgtacgaaacgtcagcggt
>ECK120010356 ptsHp4 forward 2533501 Sigma70 Strong
tcaaactttcgcccctcctggcattgattcagcctgtcggaactggtatttaaccagactAattattttgatgcgcgaaat
>ECK120010161 purAp forward 4404664 Sigma70 Strong
ggtcatttttgagtgcaaaaagtgctgtaactctgaaaaagcgatggtagaatccattttTaagcaaacggtgattttgaa
>ECK120011012 purCp           reverse 2597781 Sigma70 Strong
ttagcaagtaaaaatacagggctggaatcatccggcccttttttctgatatgatacgcaaAcgtgtgcgtctgcaggaaaa
>ECK120010154 purEp           reverse 553142 Sigma70 Strong
gctgatttcacagccacgcaaccgttttccttgctctctttccgtgctattctctgtgccCtctaaagccgagagttgtgc
>ECK120011013 purHp reverse 4207627 Sigma70 Strong
tcaccattgaaagagaaaaattcgcgagcgttgcgcaaacgttttcgttacaatgcgggcGaaaaataaggatgccccgtt
>ECK120011014 purLp           reverse 2695589 Sigma70 Strong
gtgattttatttccacgcaaacggtttcgtcagcgcatcagattctttataatgacgcccGtttcccccccttgggtacac
>ECK120011015 purMp forward 2621153 Sigma70 Strong
tgcaaaaaggttgtgtaaagcagtctcgcaaacgtttgctttccctgttagaattgcgccGaattttatttttctaccgca
>ECK120011016 purRp           forward 1737689 Sigma70 Strong
ataatgataagtgtttttaccacttccccttttcgtcaagatcggccaaaattccacgctTacactatttgcgtactggcc
>ECK125136834 purUp3 reverse 1288751 Sigma70 Strong
gcaataattgaacgttcgcgatttttgaaagaaaacggtcaatggtactatattgacggtAcacgtccgcagtttggtcgc
>ECK120010662 putAp reverse 1078925 Sigma70 Strong
ttgctacgcatgtcacatttaacatggttgcacaaagttgcaacatcatggatatttcacGataacgttaagttgcacctt
>ECK120010626 putPp1 forward 1079168 Sigma70 Strong
gagtgcaacctgatgaaaaatagtgtcgctgagcactaaaatttaatgtaaatggtgtgtTaaatcgattgtgaataacca
>ECK120010315 putPp4 forward 1079210 Sigma70 Strong
ttaatgtaaatggtgtgttaaatcgattgtgaataaccagcgcttccggcaggatacggtCgccctggtaaaacataaact
>ECK120034249 pykAp1 forward 1937544 Sigma70 Strong
ttgataagcagttacttaatttaagtgacgatcgctaaaaacgactgtcactgtcctaatCttatacgacatccgaatgag
>ECK120034250 pykAp2 forward 1937494 Sigma70 Strong
attcagagataacttgaagcgggtcaaagaagcgctgaaggaatcgcgttttgataagcaGttacttaatttaagtgacga
>ECK120034238 pykFp1 forward 1755663 Sigma70 Strong
gcaccaccactttcgtaataccggattcgctttccggcagtgcgcccagaaagcaagtttCtcccatccttctcaacttaa
>ECK120011017 pyrCp           reverse 1122643 Sigma70 Strong
cgcattcgcgccctttatttttcgtgcaaaggaaaacgtttccgcttatcctttgtgtccGgcaaaaacatcccttcagcc
>ECK120011018 pyrDp           forward 1004732 Sigma70 Strong
acgtttgcgttttttttgccgcaggtcaattcccttttggtccgaactcgcacataatacGcccccggtttgcacaccggg
>ECK120010324 pyrFp           forward 1341870 Sigma70 Strong
gcctgccaggggagaaatcgcaactgttaattttttatttccacgggtagaatgctcgccGtttacctgtttcgcgccact
>ECK120009854 pyrHp           forward 191812 Sigma70 Strong
atcttgtaaattcagctaacccttgtggggctgcgctgaaaagcgacgtacaatgtcgctAgtattaattcatttcaatcg
>ECK120016575 qseBp1 forward 3169801 Sigma70 Strong
agggaaaaaaataaaatttagtgctgtacagagcgcgttacaacacggtttactggcagcAaatacggttatcgcagggat
>ECK120016568 qseBp2 forward 3169749 Sigma70 Strong
ctttaatgtctgtttccgagcatttaacaagatagtccttaacaacttcttaagggaaaaAaataaaatttagtgctgtac
>ECK125136892 racRp5 reverse 1420242 Sigma70 Strong
gtgcctaatgcagtaagggtagggattgcctaatgtaatgcgcataggagaatattaagcAatgcttagtggtaaagactt
>ECK120010256 rbsDp            forward 3933322 Sigma70 Strong
atcacatttccgtaacgtcacgatggttttcccaactcagtcaggattaaactgtgggtcAgcgaaacgtttcgctgatgg
>ECK120032985 rcnAp            forward 2185827 Sigma70 Strong
tttctgtttatcacggattgtatgagacatggcaacacctggttaacaagaatatgaaaaAtcatagcactattaatctac
>ECK120032986 rcnRp            reverse 2185903 Sigma70 Strong
aagaaccaggcgtttccttgctgaagaagagttgtaaattcggtcatgataataattcttAgtattaattcggcaatctga
>ECK120010578 rcsAp            forward 2023836 Sigma70 Strong
ctcactcacatatcgcaacatttactttactttaagacaattccaggcaaattatacaacActttacgggatagtaagtcc
>ECK125109864 rcsBp1 forward 2315695 Sigma70 Strong
gggtgcaacctgtatcacacccgatgaaagattaattagtcaagattatgatatctttttAacggataatccgtctaatct
>ECK125109865 rcsBp2 forward 2315975 Sigma70 Strong
tattatgcgctctttgtagacacagtaccggatgatgttaagaggctgtatactgaagcaGcaaccagtgactttgctgcg
>ECK125109863 rcsDp            forward 2313452 Sigma70 Strong
tagagaatcatcaatcaggtaagagtctggaatttcacactgtaccctttatactgccctAtcacttcgcgaagttttaac
>ECK120030796 rdlDp            forward 3700136 Sigma70 Strong
tgcgaacgtcatatagccgcctgtgttgtaatgacaacgtttcgcggctattcttgagtgGtctagagtcaagattagccc
>ECK120009856 rdoAp forward 4042391 Sigma70 Strong
aagagtaaaagcttgtaagcggcgccaccaaaatcatcgtgaaatgatatccttcgtcatTcgtaatgttttccggatgat
>ECK120011019 recAp            reverse 2823819 Sigma70 Strong
cttgtggcaacaatttctacaaaacacttgatactgtatgagcatacagtataattgcttCaacagaacatattgactatc
>ECK120016569 recCp            reverse 2962507 Sigma70 Strong
tgccaactggcaggtcaaccgaatgcagacatcgcaggcgggatgtgtcagcatcagcgtTacgctagtttcacccggggg
>ECK120010374 relAp1 reverse 2913829 Sigma70 Strong
gtgttatgcagcaaattataaaactggaacctattcgtatagtttatgtatcctgtaaccCtgcaacgctggctcgggata
>ECK120030217 relBp            reverse 1645903 Sigma70 Strong
cgactactttctgacttccttcgtgacttgccctaagcatgttgtagtgcgatacttgtaAtgacatttgtaattacaaga
>ECK120010422 repp forward 3960647 Sigma70 Strong
cagccaaccggttagcggcttacacgcggtcacattcaaatgcgattctgctacaatcctCcccccgttcgaagattgagc
>ECK120009994 rfaDp1 forward 3793939 Sigma70 Strong
atccttgcacctctatgtaaagggctgaagggattcggatgtgatggtatgattacagacAttcgtgtctgagattgtctc
>ECK120010264 rhaBp            reverse 4097472 Sigma70 Strong
gcccattttcctgtcagtaacgagaaggtcgcgaattcaggcgctttttagactggtcgtAatgaaattcagcaggatcac
>ECK120010141 rhaSp            forward 4097711 Sigma70 Strong
tacgtggttttccgtcgaaaatttaaggtaagaacctgacctcgtgattactatttcgccGtgttgacgacatcaggaggc
>ECK120010258 rhaTp            reverse 4100566 Sigma70 Strong
atcgacaacggcggcaacaggcgaaaggttaatcgacagcacgatttttacactcatctcGtcggagatgtgacgcgacga
>ECK120010650 ribAp1 reverse 1339190 Sigma70 Strong
cgtgaacgatcgacgcgtcgtgattaggtgaaccccttctcgttatggcaaaataagccaAtacagaaccagcattatctg
>ECK120010654 ribAp2 reverse 1339234 Sigma70 Strong
tgaaaacgccagttccaggaaaaattgacagatttgtgccattccgtgaacgatcgacgcGtcgtgattaggtgaacccct
>ECK120010622 rihBp            reverse 2255252 Sigma70 Strong
gtttatccgctatgagatttctcatatttagcatacgtacgctgttgttaagattcaatcAtcggcccggtcgaattttct
>ECK120016963 rimPp            reverse 3318175 Sigma70 Strong
ttcaaatccggcccccgcaaccactttcccttagagtcctttttcaaatatactgtgaagActtcggccttcgtagtggga
>ECK120015159 rirAp            reverse 3808238 Sigma70 Strong
attttgtgtataaaaatcattcgggtcggattgctgcgaaagaaatgatacactagcacgTcaaagtaagtgcgttatcag
>ECK120010506 rlmEp1 reverse 3327760 Sigma70 Strong
ggtgctgtttttgtttagtactcagattcatcgtattttttgcttacgttgggattgaaaAcgggtcattctaccgccatc
>ECK120010748 rnbp1            reverse 1349129 Sigma70 Strong
aaccaatgggctgaccgtcattctgttgagcgcgctaccgttcaggcgatacaatggctgAcccgagcacccgatcgcttt
>ECK120010749 rnbp2            reverse 1348944 Sigma70 Strong
aatcgcgttgggtgagacatattaaccttgccgcgtcagacagattcgcgtaaaactgtcAgccgctctaatggccaccaa
>ECK120010724 rncp reverse 2704223 Sigma70 Strong
atgagataaatctcccgtggctaacgacatcccccgtcgttgtgtatagaatattcccccGaagtttaaggttggcacctc
>ECK120051391 rndp reverse 1888061 Sigma70 Strong
aaaaattttgcgacgagaattacgtgacgaagcgcgcggcaaagtggacaataaagcctgAgcgttaagtcagtcgtcaga
>ECK120029521 rnep1            reverse 1144728 Sigma70 Strong
gggtgataaatggtaaaagtcatcttgctataacaaggcttgcagtggaataatgaggccGtttccgtgtccatccttgtt
>ECK120029522 rnep2            reverse 1144762 Sigma70 Strong
tcaccagcaagaagtgaaaaaactgtgagtaagcgggtgataaatggtaaaagtcatcttGctataacaaggcttgcagtg
>ECK120029523 rnep3            reverse 1144873 Sigma70 Strong
cgattctaattagccaacaggattcgcgccactcatttttctatgcttatatttacttttGcaccttattacttcactgcg
>ECK125109144 rnlBp2 forward 2766860 Sigma70 Strong
tttgcagctactcttagaccggaacagattaacatcatcagcacagcctatactttttttAatgtggaacgtcattctctg
>ECK120010026 rpiBp            forward 4313257 Sigma70 Strong
tggatggtgagtgtctttaacgctattgcgctgtcagatgtaactctgtaaaacagatcaGgaaggcgtaattcatcgatt
>ECK125122035 rplUp            reverse 3333516 Sigma70 Strong
ttcttcgtgtattgactgtagcacttgtcaaaggcgtgcgttttgcgtaatattcgcgccCtattgtgaatatttatagcg
>ECK120029428 rpmIp            reverse 1800427 Sigma70 Strong
tagacttagtcgagatcagccctaacgccgagccgccggtttgtcgtataatggattacgGcaaattcctctatgaaaaga
>ECK120010382 rpoDp1 forward 3212473 Sigma70 Strong
agagcggcgtttctcgccctgttccgcagctaaaacgcacgaccatgcgtatacttatagGgttgctggtgcaaaatccag
>ECK120010383 rpoDp2 forward 3212637 Sigma70 Strong
acttgtctctcccagccaggtctgaccaccgggcaacttttagagcactatcgtggtacaAataatgctgccacccttgaa
>ECK125240996 rpoEp1b reverse 2710393 Sigma70 Strong
acacgtcacatgaatgttcagggagagtattcattttctttgtttaatttactaaacatgGtttggtcagcatagcatcat
>ECK120010579 rpoEp2a reverse 2710087 Sigma70 Strong
tgacaaacaaaaacagatgcgttacggaactttacaaaaacgagacactctaaccctttgCttgctcaaattgcagctaat
>ECK125240999 rpoEp2b reverse 2710339 Sigma70 Strong
aacatggtttggtcagcatagcatcatgttgtgcggataaacacctgctattttaatattTgttacagttgctaaacacgc
>ECK125241005 rpoEp5 reverse 2710165 Sigma70 Strong
aatgggcatttctacacagataatgcgatgttcagattctgtagacttataatgatagatAatgatccgtctacagcatga
>ECK120010514 rpoHp1 reverse 3601003 Sigma70 Strong
acggtacaacatttacgccactttacgcctgaataataaaagcgtgttatactctttcccTgcaatgggttccgtagcagg
>ECK120010142 rpoHp5 reverse 3600849 Sigma70 Strong
tgcattgaacttgtggataaaatcacggtctgataaaacagtgaatgataacctcgttgcTcttaagctctggcacagttg
>ECK120010533 rpoSp            reverse 2868118 Sigma70 Strong
gcctgcacaaaattccaccgttgctgttgcgtcgcaaccgacaattacgtattctgagtcTtcgggtgaacagagtgctaa
>ECK120048895 rpoZp            forward 3822077 Sigma70 Strong
atgacgctttaatcagcaaattgttggcagactgaacctgatttcagtatcatgcccagtCatttcttcacctgtggagct
>ECK120010744 rpsAp1 forward 961717 Sigma70 Strong
gaacgtgcgcatcgccgcatgctacagttgcaggagaagggctttagtgttaactttgagCgccttttggccgagatcaaa
>ECK120010310 rpsAp3 forward 961859 Sigma70 Strong
tagtgttggattccaccaccttaagcattgagcaagtgattgaaaaagcgctacaatacgCgcgccagaaattggctctcg
>ECK120034397 rpsBp            forward 189712 Sigma70 Strong
tgctgtacacagcgccaacaattattggtgtccacgacgtatttgtggtataaagcgcgcCggacttccgatccatttcgt
>ECK120034372 rpsFp            forward 4425025 Sigma70 Strong
aggggagatttatttcggctctgcccttgagtttagcgaggcatacaagtactataacgcGtcatttttcagccgaccttt
>ECK120010391 rpsJp            reverse 3453442 Sigma70 Strong
aggctgtttactttactagcaatacgcttgcgttcggtggttaagtatgtataatgcgcgGgcttgtcgtagttgacagca
>ECK120011146 rpsMp2 reverse 3442565 Sigma70 Strong
aaggctgattttttcgcatatttttcttgcaaagttgggttgagctggctagattagccaGccaatcttttgtatgtctgt
>ECK120015469 rpsPp            reverse 2746254 Sigma70 Strong
tttacagcagagttagcaactgttgattgcaattcccgcaaaaatgagtaaaattttcggGcttttaatatgacaccggac
>ECK120010380 rpsUp1 forward 3210646 Sigma70 Strong
atgcgggttgatgtaaaactttgttcgcccctggagaaagcctcgtgtatactcctcaccCttataaaagtccctttcaaa
>ECK120010381 rpsUp2 forward 3210712 Sigma70 Strong
aaagtccctttcaaaaaaggccgcggtgctttacaaagcagcagcaattgcagtaaaattCcgcaccattttgaaataagc
>ECK120010527 rpsUp3 forward 3210735 Sigma70 Strong
cggtgctttacaaagcagcagcaattgcagtaaaattccgcaccattttgaaataagctgGcgttgatgccagcggcaaac
>ECK125095435 rraBp1 forward 4478384 Sigma70 Strong
tggctaacgcctcaatgaattaaaattcaatttatatggatgattattcatttgcaagtcTaaagcataaatctttgtcac
>ECK120033629 rrsAp2 forward 4035356 Sigma70 Strong
ccggcagagaaagcaaaaataaatgcttgactctgtagcgggaaggcgtattatgcacacCccgcgccgctgagaaaaagc
>ECK120009873 rrsDp2 reverse 3428940 Sigma70 Strong
agagaaaaaaatcctgaaattcagggttgactctgaaagaggaaagcgtaatatacgccaCctcgcgacagtgagctgaaa
>ECK120010769 rsdp2            reverse 4196859 Sigma70 Strong
tcaattatacgatccatagctcttgcactacctttgcatcactggcatgtttaacatggtTtttacatttctcactgagca
>ECK120033698 rutRp2 forward 1074113 Sigma70 Strong
ccagtttttaaaaagttaatgttattaatctgttaacattacgttatctaaaatatctggTaaaaagtggactaaacggtc
>ECK125140763 rybAp            reverse 853064 Sigma70 Strong
aaccagagttgcgaaggtacaaaaaattaacgttttagcaatagctatataatatagcctGtgctatatctgtatgtaatg
>ECK120030648 rydCp            reverse 1491506 Sigma70 Strong
agatggacgtatgggcaaggattatggttttatttatcatacaaataaatataataggcgCttccgatgtagacccgtatt
>ECK120032973 ryfDp            reverse 2734295 Sigma70 Strong
atcgtcgcgacaagaccaccggtcgtatggcaagtttcatttggctgatataacctaaagAatcaagacgatccggtacgc
>ECK120009960 ryhBp            reverse 3581016 Sigma70 Strong
aatgcatttttttgcaaaaagtgttggacaagtgcgaatgagaatgattattattgtctcGcgatcaggaagaccctcgcg
>ECK120032974 ryjBp            forward 4527977 Sigma70 Strong
ccacggcctgacgccagtcggtggctttacgttgtgcctgtacccatttaatatcgttaaTcatccgtcgttgactccatg
>ECK120033699 safAp            reverse 1584028 Sigma70 Strong
tgcctacagctgtaagaaactccgctcagtactgaagcaccagtcctatttcctcttttcTccagcctgttatattaagca
>ECK120010170 sdhCp forward 754958 Sigma70 Strong
cgacaaactatatgtaggttaattgtaatgattttgtgaacagcctatactgccgccaggTctccggaacaccctgcaatc
>ECK120010305 sdhDp2 forward 755404 Sigma70 Strong
aggtttcgagcaagcttccgcgattatgggcagcttcttcgtcaaatttatcatgtggggCatccttaccgctctggcgta
>ECK125140840 sdiAp1 reverse 1996917 Sigma70 Strong
actcattaataacataagagaatgcgatggcttgcaaaagtaattcattgcctgaataatAtaaattatatataaatctta
>ECK125137169 sdiAp2 reverse 1996897 Sigma70 Strong
aatgcgatggcttgcaaaagtaattcattgcctgaataatataaattatatataaatcttAtttatgtgatagtttgaatt
>ECK125140841 sdiAp3 reverse 1996867 Sigma70 Strong
cctgaataatataaattatatataaatcttatttatgtgatagtttgaattatcattataAatgatactcactctcagggg
>ECK125230255 sdsNp           forward 1996906 Sigma70 Strong
gcccctgagagtgagtatcatttataatgataattcaaactatcacataaataagatttaTatataatttatattattcag
>ECK125203416 secBp           reverse 3784203 Sigma70 Strong
acagcacattggcggctgtgatgacttgtatgcattggatgcacgtggtggactggatccCctgctgaaataacgtgtgaa
>ECK120034382 secGp1 reverse 3322587 Sigma70 Strong
gatacaatgcgataaaattgcccttgcgaaggtcattcgctttggttagtattcacacccGcttcagtgggaaagattaaa
>ECK120010267 serAp1 reverse 3058456 Sigma70 Strong
tcaacatcgcgacgcaaacgttcatattgccgcaatattattttttgatatgttgaaaggCggatgcaaatccgcacacaa
>ECK120009926 serAp2 reverse 3058549 Sigma70 Strong
gtgtcacgcttttaccaggcaattgtcgattgctctaaataaatcctctaaaccagcataTtcatccaagaattacctttg
>ECK120010763 serCp           forward 957595 Sigma70 Strong
ttactcattgcgatgtgtgtcactgaatgataaaaccgatagccacaggaataatgtattAcctgtggtcgcaatcgattg
>ECK120010606 serTp           reverse 1031719 Sigma70 Strong
tttcaggcaaacaaacaaattaggggtttacacgccgcatcgggatgtttatagtgcgcgTcattccggaagtgtggccga
>ECK120030788 sgrSp           forward 77367 Sigma70 Strong
gaactcctgtgcaaaagacagcaattttattttccctatattaagtcaataattcctaacGatgaagcaagggggtgcccc
>ECK125140845 shiAp           forward 2053566 Sigma70 Strong
ttgccgctaatcagccataaaatcatttgcagatgcgctctgtcgaggtagtctcataagGttcgtttatagatcgacggc
>ECK120032972 shoBp reverse 2700291 Sigma70 Strong
acaccatgccacagaattcccccattgaaacgagtggtgtcgtcaaagctctggtgtggaGtgcagcatgcaccctcaata
>ECK120035119 sibAp           forward 2153311 Sigma70 Strong
ctcgcaagaacggagagccgtcgattgacactaagggcggagtgacataatttcaggagtGagggttagggagaggtttcc
>ECK120035123 sibBp           forward 2153646 Sigma70 Strong
atcgcagactacaaagcctgcggattgacaatcttatcgtgaaggcatactttcaggagtGagggtagagcggggtttccc
>ECK120035120 sibDp           reverse 3194865 Sigma70 Strong
agggatatgtgttaatgaaaccttcttgacgctgattttttttcaacctaaagtaaaggaAcaagggtgagggaggatttc
>ECK120035121 sibEp           reverse 3195240 Sigma70 Strong
tctcgcttcgtacatggcaggcctattgacgctgttgttttttcaacctagagtaaaggaAcaagggtaagggaggatttc
>ECK120009971 sixAp           reverse 2456999 Sigma70 Strong
cgtggggaaagtttttggaaaacaactgcaactgacctgcaataagaaggtcaaagctatAtgaatccgcgctgaatggcg
>ECK120010164 slpp forward 3653936 Sigma70 Strong
tatcaggcatatcacctcagaatcagatgaaaactataaagaaatatctattatggttttAatatttgttgataaggatag
>ECK120011020 sodAp forward 4100759 Sigma70 Strong
tacgaaaagtacggcattgataatcattttcaatatcatttaattaactataatgaaccaActgcttacgcggcattaaca
>ECK120010327 sodBp forward 1735323 Sigma70 Strong
ttgttacggcaacagggtaagttcatcttttgtctcaccttttaatttgctaccctatccAtacgcacaataaggctattg
>ECK120033253 sohAp forward 3276972 Sigma70 Strong
agcccccacgtccattaataatgcatttgcattaccttagttcaagcttataatttgagcAgaaaacaggctgtaaaagga
>ECK120009847 sohBp2 forward 1329301 Sigma70 Strong
tactttcgctgcaataacatctctgcgagacggcttaacatgcctgttgtaaactgtgagCcaaagcgttgtttaaccaag
>ECK125229302 sokBp            forward 1492119 Sigma70 Strong
ggttgtgcttcatagcctttctccttgccggatggcgggtaagaggctaagatctgaattGctaggttcattcgttggcct
>ECK120010549 soxRp            forward 4277447 Sigma70 Strong
tctgcctcttttcagtgttcagttcgttaattcatctgttggggagtataattcctcaagTtaacttgaggtaaagcgatt
>ECK120010261 soxSp            reverse 4277423 Sigma70 Strong
taatttcttttccataaatcgctttacctcaagttaacttgaggaattatactccccaacAgatgaattaacgaactgaac
>ECK120010427 spfp forward 4049899 Sigma70 Strong
ctgaaaaaaaattacaaaaagtgctttctgaactgaacaaaaaagagtaaagttagtcgcGtagggtacagaggtaagatg
>ECK120016587 spyp reverse 1825688 Sigma70 Strong
acactttcattgttttaccgttgctctgattaattgacgctaaagtcagtaaagttaatcTcgtcaacacggcacgctact
>ECK120010196 srlAp            forward 2825791 Sigma70 Strong
atctttcattttgcgatcaaaataacacttttaaatctttcaatctgattagattaggttGccgtttggtaataaaacaat
>ECK120010444 ssbp1            forward 4274092 Sigma70 Strong
aaccgaggtcacaacatagtaaaagcgctattggtaatggtacaatcgcgcgtttacactTattcagaacgatttttttca
>ECK120011021 ssbp3            forward 4274011 Sigma70 Strong
attgacctgaatgaatatacagtattggaatgcattacccggagtgttgtgtaacaatgtCtggccaggtttgtttcccgg
>ECK125162185 ssnAp            forward 3018950 Sigma70 Strong
gcgctcagttctgtccgtggaacggtaaaccgtacaaagacaaaatcaccgtcttcagccTggcgcaagactttgataaca
>ECK125158028 ssrAp            forward 2755586 Sigma70 Strong
tttaacgataacgccattgaggctggtcatggcgctcataaatctggtatacttacctttAcacattggggctgattctgg
>ECK120034944 ssrSp1 forward 3055974 Sigma70 Strong
cgaaaaaactaaccaaaactttgaatgacacttttcggtttactgtggtagagtaaccgtGaagacaaaatttctctgaga
>ECK120010638 ssuEp            reverse 997563 Sigma70 Strong
cagaaaaagatacacaaaatttatatttggaattttcttgtctctccgacagactgaccgAattgttatcaatgttaacaa
>ECK120010481 stpAp1 reverse 2798536 Sigma70 Strong
gactgtaaatagattaaattttgtggaaatataataagtgatcgcttacactacgcgacgAaatactttttttgttttggc
>ECK120010482 stpAp2 reverse 2798556 Sigma70 Strong
gctgaaataatctcgcgcaggactgtaaatagattaaattttgtggaaatataataagtgAtcgcttacactacgcgacga
>ECK120009938 sufAp            reverse 1764418 Sigma70 Strong
acggtaaagcccctgcgtttgctgggttgaactgataatcattatcactaacatgctgttAtacgctgaaagcgatgaagt
>ECK120033212 surEp2 reverse 2870686 Sigma70 Strong
gatcgcaataaacggagtttttggttgtcggcagcccgcagtgcgttgtttaatcagattGttgctgagcgcctcaaaaaa
>ECK125199580 sutRp            forward 1506150 Sigma70 Strong
gtgcgttatagcgtacaggcaccgtagcatttgtccgttataacgcacaagtgataaactTccgttttgccggaggagtcg
>ECK125203410 sxyp forward 1021083 Sigma70 Strong
gtgacgggaaaacataaattaatcttgccccttaagaataagttgcctattttcgtagttAacggatccgttaatgtgaat
>ECK120032970 symRp forward 4579835 Sigma70 Strong
atgacggttatttgccggggagacttctgcttcgaacggttgtgcaatagaatgcgtgtcAgtcataactgctattctcca
>ECK125137937 tatAp1 forward 4021909 Sigma70 Strong
tggcgcaaaacacgctgattttttcatcgctcaaggcgggccgtgtaacgtataatgcggCtttgtttaatcatcatctac
>ECK120010236 thrLp           forward 148 Sigma70 Strong
gccgtgagtaaattaaaattttattgacttaggtcactaaatactttaaccaatataggcAtagcgcacagacagataaaa
>ECK125230252 thyAp           reverse 2965254 Sigma70 Strong
gttgagtttttccgccagcccgacgcgcagtttaccggtgcctgggtgcagtacatcagcAtggggcaaattctttccatc
>ECK120027940 tigp forward 454994 Sigma70 Strong
acgcgacagcgcgcaataaccgttctcgactcataaaagtgatgccgctataatgccgcgTcctatttgaatgctttcggg
>ECK120010157 tnaCp           forward 3888411 Sigma70 Strong
cgattcacatttaaacaatttcagaatagacaaaaactctgagtgtaataatgtagcctcGtgtcttgcgaggataagtgc
>ECK120029860 tomBp1 reverse 480794 Sigma70 Strong
attgtaatttttcgtaataatgcgatgaaaacctgcaaagagtggcttatagttaagctaAcaaacgagagggcaagtcca
>ECK120010225 tonBp           forward 1311054 Sigma70 Strong
ttcactgatcctgatcgtcttgccttattgaatatgattgctatttgcatttaaaatcgaGacctggtttttctactgaaa
>ECK120010492 topAp2 forward 1330883 Sigma70 Strong
cgtcaatctggcaatagatttgcttgacattcgaccaaaattccgtcgtgctatagcgccTgtaggccaagacctgttaac
>ECK120010493 topAp3 forward 1330848 Sigma70 Strong
cgtatcggattttatcaggtacagtgtgacgctttcgtcaatctggcaatagatttgcttGacattcgaccaaaattccgt
>ECK120010494 topAp4 forward 1330818 Sigma70 Strong
aactttggattttgcatgctaataaagttgcgtatcggattttatcaggtacagtgtgacGctttcgtcaatctggcaata
>ECK120010495 topAp5 forward 1330789 Sigma70 Strong
cacgctggtggcaagagcgccttactggcaactttggattttgcatgctaataaagttgcGtatcggattttatcaggtac
>ECK120010262 torCp           forward 1058056 Sigma70 Strong
gccgtaagccgttcatcctgaccagtgccgctgttcatatttgctcattaagatcgcttcActaaaccataattctacagg
>ECK120010637 torRp           reverse 1057984 Sigma70 Strong
aatgagcaaatatgaacagcggcactggtcaggatgaacggcttacggcagaatatgaacAgatatgaacagaatgagtaa
>ECK120034354 tpiAp2 reverse 4111569 Sigma70 Strong
ggtttgaataaatgacaaaaagcaaagcctttgtgccgatgaatctctatactgtttcacAgacctgctgccctgcggggc
>ECK120020514 tppBp           forward 1712671 Sigma70 Strong
tatatgtaacagattattacaaaggacttgtctgaaagtgcaagatagtgaacattacctGccgtttcccctcccactata
>ECK120010683 tpxp reverse 1388844 Sigma70 Strong
ctgcggattaagcgcaaatagcgtttgctgtgttattgacagttagcataaactaggtgtGacgttaactatatgtaaaca
>ECK120010263 treBp           reverse 4466210 Sigma70 Strong
tcgctgcgtttcgggaacgttcccgtttttaaatttttccgcgcaatatattctgcagccAaccaaaaatgtcatctgcca
>ECK120010485 treRp1 reverse 4467271 Sigma70 Strong
aacgataaaccagactttacccattgctgaatgcacgggtaacgttaggctcaaataattAaacaacacgttacaggacaa
>ECK120009933 treRp4 reverse 4467347 Sigma70 Strong
gcgccgcaaataataaggagaatccaataatattcgtagcatctatggcgatataataccTgctgacaactaaaccaacga
>ECK120010323 trpCp           reverse 1319944 Sigma70 Strong
gcaggcggaacaccggaagaaaaccgtgacattttaacacgtttgttacaaggtaaaggcGacgccgcccatgaagcagcc
>ECK120010144 trpLp           reverse 1323108 Sigma70 Strong
tggcaaatattctgaaatgagctgttgacaattaatcatcgaactagttaactagtacgcAagttcacgtaaaaagggtat
>ECK120026305 trpSp           reverse 3513697 Sigma70 Strong
ctacggatataactacggcgaggctatcgatctcagccagcctgatgtaatttatcagtcTataaatgaccttctgcccgc
>ECK120010423 trxAp1 forward 3965647 Sigma70 Strong
gcgaagtcggaaaacttctgttctgttaaatgtgttttgctcatagtgtggtagaatatcAgcttactattgctttacgaa
>ECK120010424 trxAp2 forward 3965687 Sigma70 Strong
tcatagtgtggtagaatatcagcttactattgctttacgaaagcgtatccggtgaaataaAgtcaacctttagttggttaa
>ECK120009945 trxCp            forward 2718675 Sigma70 Strong
atcatacctattgaataaaacagattgttgtctggaacaatgtccccgataatatgtaacAtattagaaacataccggcgt
>ECK120010294 tsxp1            reverse 432245 Sigma70 Strong
ttcgggacgattttgtgcgtcccgcaacatctttccccgtcattttgttactctgcttacAtcacctggattgatagtaaa
>ECK120010293 tsxp2            reverse 432091 Sigma70 Strong
aaatgatagaactgtgaaacgaaacatatttttgtgagcaatgatttttataataggctcCtctgtatacgaaatatttag
>ECK120033678 tufAp1 reverse 3471724 Sigma70 Strong
tctgcacttcggttcttaccatgacgttgactcctctgaactggcgtttaaactggctgcTtctatcgcctttaaagaagg
>ECK125135013 tufAp2 reverse 3471583 Sigma70 Strong
ggaagagaacaccggtgacgttatcggtgacttgagccgtcgtcgtggtatgctcaaaggTcaggaatctgaagttactgg
>ECK125162184 tynAp1 reverse 1451409 Sigma70 Strong
gccaaacaacctggcaggtgcaggcaatcccctttgcatcagtactgataatgtgaacctGactaaaccgcccacagagcg
>ECK125137947 typAp6 forward 4058380 Sigma70 Strong
gtttgcggaggatgtttgtgatcctgttttgtagtgcgattaatccgtgtacaataacgcGctatttctaatgcctgaggc
>ECK120010158 tyrPp1 forward 1989645 Sigma70 Strong
ttacaccatatgtaacgtcggtttgacgaagcagccgttatgccttaacctgcgccgcagAtatcactcataaagatcgtc
>ECK120010145 tyrRp            forward 1386692 Sigma70 Strong
tgtcaatgattgttgacagaaaccttcctgctatccaaatagtgtcatatcatcatattaAttgttcttttttcaggtgaa
>ECK120010190 ubiGp            forward 2339539 Sigma70 Strong
gcgcagtttgaggtaaacctatacgctttattcacatccaatgcctgatatactcgtttgTcttgccaattacggagtaga
>ECK120010197 udpP             forward 4016391 Sigma70 Strong
atttgcgtcatggtgatgagtatcacgaaaaaatgttaaacccttcggtaaagtgtctttTtgcttcttctgactaaaccg
>ECK120010395 ugpBp1 reverse 3592378 Sigma70 Strong
tatcttacaaatgtaacaaaaaagttatttttctgtaattcgagcatgtcatgttaccccGcgagcataaaacgcgtgaat
>ECK120010396 ugpBp2 reverse 3592426 Sigma70 Strong
ttccctcacccacgccgtcaccgccttgtcatctttctgacaccttactatcttacaaatGtaacaaaaaagttatttttc
>ECK120010193 uhpTp reverse 3847198 Sigma70 Strong
ccaggttttgcctggacgctatctcaggcctgatttgctgctgatttttacaatgcatgcCtcacgcaggtattcatttca
>ECK120010067 ulaAp            forward 4419927 Sigma70 Strong
gcgtcacatttaatcataaataatcttgttgtgattacttttgaaaattagagtgagtgcAcaacattccgggtgtgtgga
>ECK120010238 umuDp forward 1230738 Sigma70 Strong
gacaaatattgatagcctgaatcagtattgatctgctggcaagaacagactactgtatatAaaaacagtataacttcaggc
>ECK120010532 uppp             reverse 2620909 Sigma70 Strong
ttttgactaaagtcaacgaaaagaatattgccgccttgaagaaaggaggtataatccgtcGattttttttgtggctgcccc
>ECK120010398 uspAp1 forward 3639983 Sigma70 Strong
tttatctaacgagtaagcaaggcggattgacggatcatccgggtcgctataaggtaaggaTggtcttaacactgaatcttt
>ECK120011023 uvrAp            reverse 4273936 Sigma70 Strong
cactccgggtaatgcattccaatactgtatattcattcaggtcaatttgtgtcataattaAccgtttgtgatcgccggtag
>ECK120048891 uvrBp1 forward 813493 Sigma70 Strong
actgtttttttatccagtataatttgttggcataattaagtacgacgagtaaaattacatAcctgcccgcccaactccttc
>ECK120011024 uvrBp2 forward 813462 Sigma70 Strong
ttacgctgtatcagaaatattatggtgatgaactgtttttttatccagtataatttgttgGcataattaagtacgacgagt
>ECK120010306 uvrBp3 forward 813152 Sigma70 Strong
aggggctggagacagttatccactattcctgtggataaccatgtgtattagagttagaaaAcacgaggcaagcgagagaat
>ECK120010343 uvrCp3 reverse 1994879 Sigma70 Strong
gaaaaaacagaaagcccatttgccagtttgtctgaacgtgaattgcagattatgctgatgAtcaccaagggccagaaggtc
>ECK120010146 uvrDp1 forward 3997907 Sigma70 Strong
tactgccgcatctggaaatttcccggttggcatctctgacctcgctgatataatcagcaaAtctgtatatatacccagctt
>ECK120010344 uvrYp2 reverse 1995406 Sigma70 Strong
aaaatcgaatacccaccatttttaacgtttcaaagttgcaataaaaaccgctaatatacgAatgactaactatcagtagcg
>ECK125134713 uxaBp reverse 1610720 Sigma70 Strong
catcaggagttgatcaaaacaggggttcggcgtattaaagtttgctaacctgtcgtaccaAttcaaacaggttgtatgact
>ECK120010620 uxuAp forward 4551518 Sigma70 Strong
tgtggttaaccaatttcagaattcgggttgacatgtcttaccaaaaggtagaacttatacGccatctcatccgatgcaacg
>ECK120010450 valSp1 reverse 4483927 Sigma70 Strong
tctgcgaacaagctttgcagattttgccaccgctttcacagaagtggtagacttcgttccTtatgaagattctctgaaaca
>ECK120010590 valVp           forward 1746415 Sigma70 Strong
agcgcagaaaattacgttttgcctcttgccaccttcccactctgccgctaatattcgtccCcgttgtcacctacaacgttg
>ECK120015161 waaAp1 forward 3808516 Sigma70 Strong
ttaagtcaaaaacgggaaaagtaatggtaaagccacagctaaatacatagaatccccagcAcatccataagtcagctattt
>ECK120015162 waaAp2 forward 3808256 Sigma70 Strong
aggctcaacagctacctgaatactgataacgcacttactttgacgtgctagtgtatcattTctttcgcagcaatccgaccc
>ECK125095189 waaYp reverse 3801136 Sigma70 Strong
aactaaaccgtggcacaaatgggcaatttatccatcggtaaaatactataaaatagctttAgaaaattccccctggaaaga
>ECK120010257 wzap            reverse 2137583 Sigma70 Strong
atagccaattaccgaattgttatcttgcctgctattccgttagctgtaacacttcctcctGcattattggaaagccaatat
>ECK120010710 xapAp reverse 2524910 Sigma70 Strong
tattgaatgcgtgagaaaagtgtattggtaagagccgggacaacctcgctataaaaaggcGttagattccaccctacagaa
>ECK120010631 xapRp1 reverse 2522505 Sigma70 Strong
gtgtttatgtatgtcggatatctggtggtgaaatactttatgccatgataatttaatacgAtgtatttattatatggagca
>ECK120010632 xapRp2 reverse 2522563 Sigma70 Strong
tacaatcgtgcgcttgcctattcctgtaccaaatgtattaccgggtatattatccattgtGtttatgtatgtcggatatct
>ECK120010731 xseAp           forward 2634197 Sigma70 Strong
catctacccctttttgcaaaaaatgcttgctatccccgaagggcgggttactatcgactgAataacctgctgatttagaat
>ECK120015468 yacCp           reverse 136940 Sigma70 Strong
gacacaatttaatcgacaataatggtcgtcgcctcgctcgcagtgtgctaacgtttatctTctttaagcccctggtagaag
>ECK120033681 yafNp           forward 251969 Sigma70 Strong
ttgcttgacccgcaaatggaaagacaactggtgctgggattatgatgtatactattatgtAtattctggtgtgcattatta
>ECK125203430 yajGp           reverse 454210 Sigma70 Strong
catgatgaatttacatgccttacccacttcccctcgccgttggcaatgttatgatggcggGaatttttaccaaacacgctt
>ECK125136516 ybbLp6 forward 515892 Sigma70 Strong
attatacctgattactgaaagagagttcccccttattcctgcgaaggataaactgtttttAgtaaaaatcagaaaaaggga
>ECK125136558 ybdLp3 forward 633557 Sigma70 Strong
tttatttagacatctaaacgtcttgattgccaaatactagcatcgtgttatagtgccttcAacacgcaacttcgtcaggta
>ECK125203420 ybhLp            forward 819858 Sigma70 Strong
agtacatacgtttacgctgcgtcgatgcacagcctcatcattttgcagtatccttaagatAttccttatatcttcaggaga
>ECK120009922 ybjCp            forward 890892 Sigma70 Strong
ttaattgctaaaagctataactgttaaacacaatacagtgaaaagttttagactgaaggcTcactttgcagagggaagcgt
>ECK120030645 ycaRp            forward 970642 Sigma70 Strong
tgattgccgcaccggctgggaaatagaccccgtcgcataaatgattatgataagatttatGcattcataacccgatccatc
>ECK120029861 yccAp            reverse 1031443 Sigma70 Strong
gtaaagatgggtaaaacttctgggtgcccttacgcattatcattatgctgcttaattaatTacatctgtcatagagagtga
>ECK120035124 ycdTp            forward 1092841 Sigma70 Strong
ttgtttgtgggcggaatttcatattgacaacagtacagttcttatatctattaataatagAaagggatctacaacctacag
>ECK125136774 ycfDp4 reverse 1188267 Sigma70 Strong
aaagatgaataaatatgcccatacttcacgcattacgttaagcatccgttataatcggttGcagataccagcctgtggatg
>ECK120029862 ycfSp            reverse 1170417 Sigma70 Strong
ttacaaattctttgcacttccctgcactatccgacactgtcaccatccataattcaggctTatctgtttattacaataacc
>ECK120009902 ychFp            reverse 1257882 Sigma70 Strong
ttaaagcgcaataagtcgttgtctgcggcatttttgccgagtgccgtgtataataggcaaAgttatttccatttctgcaat
>ECK120033032 ychHp forward 1258738 Sigma70 Strong
agggttgtaattgtgatcacgcccgcacataacccactgggtgttgtctatactttacacAtaaggaagaggggtattccc
>ECK120010693 ychQp forward 1266899 Sigma70 Strong
catttatcctcgcggggtatcatgacgtcgaaacctgccgtgactatggtgataacgagcGcgtaacgctcggccgctatt
>ECK125136974 ydeNp reverse 1582554 Sigma70 Strong
atctctttatgtgactaacttcacttacatccacttatttctcttcgtaaaattactttgGaattaagtacaataagaaga
>ECK120033717 ydePp reverse 1586664 Sigma70 Strong
gcgcacaattgaagccagagtcttattttttatattgaaaaatatgttaatttaaacactAtgagagatgatgcttaactt
>ECK120033252 yeaRp reverse 1879994 Sigma70 Strong
gctaaaaagtaaccaataaatggtatttaaaatgcaaattatcaggcgtaccctgaaacgGctggaataaaccgttttcag
>ECK120029864 yebEp reverse 1929732 Sigma70 Strong
tgcgcatcttttgtctcgatatacattttctgacatcctcatccgctatgctacaggcacTaaaaatggttattgaggagc
>ECK125137139 yebKp2 forward 1936590 Sigma70 Strong
aaataacaacttttttatctgcttttgtcattaacacggcacacaggcgtaatatctgacAaaactgcatttcgatttctt
>ECK120035130 yefMp reverse 2089733 Sigma70 Strong
ccttgatctacaaactaattaataaatagttaattaacgctcatcattgtacaatgaactGtacaaaagaggagattgaca
>ECK120048892 yegRp reverse 2168349 Sigma70 Strong
ttgtacagaacatttattataatcctattcaattataataatcatgccattattatatttAaacactagagagtgtcgttg
>ECK125137277 yeiQp6 forward 2266214 Sigma70 Strong
tcatcgcattaacaatccagaccaatttcaattgctgtcatataactttacactgtcgttGttaattaatcgttactaaga
>ECK120034266 yeiTp            forward 2233989 Sigma70 Strong
atcttttcacagtttaaattcccccgcacgcttagccttaatatcagtacattattatttActaaacgctcgccttaatta
>ECK125137341 yfcJp2 reverse 2440241 Sigma70 Strong
acctgatggttccctttttcacatcattgacaatcgccgccagttccaggcaaacttcccGctttgtcgatttccttctga
>ECK120033723 yfdXp            reverse 2494433 Sigma70 Strong
ttcaaaatgaccgttgctctctgatttctcatttcatgctcacccaatatgatggcggcgTtttctaaaactgttaaagaa
>ECK125137396 yfgGp5 forward 2629252 Sigma70 Strong
tgacgcttttttacataacgaagaattgaccattttgtcctgttgtgccttaatgtaagtAccgtccacagcgtgggacat
>ECK125203421 yfiRp            forward 2741824 Sigma70 Strong
cattgtgttttatttctcacattgatgacggtcgcatgaaaaaatgatattttaatgagcAttctgaaaaaatatcgatgc
>ECK125160781 ygfBp            reverse 3055473 Sigma70 Strong
tgatgagaagagacaagcccttttctggtccaccagggcccaaagtggtagcatatcatgAatattcctccctttgacgac
>ECK125137560 yggLp2 reverse 3102250 Sigma70 Strong
ggaaccttatgcggaacatatgcttgaagtgatgtcttctattgacggttataaaaacctGtcagagagcaatgattacgt
>ECK125137648 yhaHp8 forward 3252263 Sigma70 Strong
actttattaattccttgaacgaatatttactgccatttcattcacgtctattcttaatttGctgctttaaaaacaagtgat
>ECK125137726 yhdHp6 forward 3403446 Sigma70 Strong
tctcgcaatttattgcgcttcatcggctttgcttttccattagcgagtatagtcttcagaAattattttccaatccatcat
>ECK120016965 yhdTp            forward 3407351 Sigma70 Strong
gattttccggccttttttattactggggatcgacaacccccataaggtacaatccccgctTtcttcacccatcagggacaa
>ECK120010574 yhfAp            reverse 3485951 Sigma70 Strong
gcacggtaatgtgacgtcctttgcatacatgcagtacatcaatgtattactgtagcatccTgactgttttagcatagcttt
>ECK120030787 yhjAp            reverse 3669261 Sigma70 Strong
tcatgtaattgattgattcctatcaaaaagcgtatctccctgttttttatgatggctttgTctcgcagagacgtttgcagc
>ECK125203425 yhjRp            reverse 3696364 Sigma70 Strong
gaaagctaagaaataaacctaccattgaaattaaaacttatcagatttagcatgtgaatcAatttagaaggtcacaagacg
>ECK125145772 yhjXp           reverse 3712043 Sigma70 Strong
gatggcatttcatgccgtttttccccaggcataaagtgcacttcgttatggttgtcggcaGagatttttcctttttattac
>ECK120010706 yiaJp           reverse 3742618 Sigma70 Strong
aaacttgatttcaaatatatcgatcactttttaacaaggcaatctgattgatgaatttcaAaagacataaaaatcaattgg
>ECK120010752 yiaKp           forward 3742674 Sigma70 Strong
tcttttgaaattcatcaatcagattgccttgttaaaaagtgatcgatatatttgaaatcaAgtttcgcatattgaaatttt
>ECK125203417 yibNp           reverse 3785195 Sigma70 Strong
acaacctcatactcaagagtcaaaatttgcgtaattttactacagctgaatcgataaaatAgcctctgaagatcaaaatat
>ECK120048896 yifLp forward 3994492 Sigma70 Strong
acttcataaagagtcgctaaacgcttgcttttacgtcttctcctgcgatgatagaaagcaGaaagcgatgaactttacagg
>ECK125109810 yihIpforward 4051308 Sigma70 Strong
aaggcgacagagtaatctgtcgccttttttctttgcttgctttctgttagattccgccgcAaatctatactgaataaaacg
>ECK125137950 yihLp4 forward 4060419 Sigma70 Strong
tatctgcaaagtcatacgccgttaattgctttcttttttggcgtaagcgtaagatgcttcAtctggtttaaaccaaaagga
>ECK120029972 yjbEp1 forward 4235858 Sigma70 Strong
catcgctaattccccgcgccgtaattcgcatgctttagttgtgtatactcgatcccgcccGaaatgtttttgggtaaatct
>ECK125135019 yjbEp2 forward 4235872 Sigma70 Strong
cgcgccgtaattcgcatgctttagttgtgtatactcgatcccgcccgaaatgtttttgggTaaatctccattcattcaatg
>ECK120010774 yjeFp1 forward 4393677 Sigma70 Strong
tttcagctaacgggcgctcgagaataggcgcagaatcgacaaacggtctaaaattcagcgAaacacaatgttgctgaatca
>ECK120010775 yjeFp2 forward 4393937 Sigma70 Strong
cgagcgcgcagcataccgtgacgtgccatccagtccatttcgccgtggtattgtttgtccAgccatgcttgcagtttgggc
>ECK120010776 yjeFp3 forward 4394035 Sigma70 Strong
ggtatcggtaatacctacctgctgaaagcccagttccagcccccactgtttaattttttgCgctaactgattgagatcgag
>ECK120049216 yjeVp            forward 4392736 Sigma70 Strong
aatatccacagcgacgcgatgcgttattgctggtttttgttgtctctgacaaactcttgtAaacagagttatccacagcct
>ECK120034380 yjjQp            forward 4603319 Sigma70 Strong
gatattttaaatgtctccaggctatttcaccaggttatcatttgatgctaaccttctgacAcatgcagtggagttgttgtg
>ECK125138124 yjjXp5           reverse 4633773 Sigma70 Strong
gcgtttcaccgtggcggactaggtatacctgtaacatgctttttttccgtatactgctgtAacgttaattttctgagtaat
>ECK125095198 yjjZp forward 4605777 Sigma70 Strong
cccgatagcaagggatttatctggcttgcaaatgataaaaattatcatatgatattggttAtcattatcaatgaaagagat
>ECK125095433 ykgRp            reverse 313285 Sigma70 Strong
ctattcaaatttgtgatacatgtcaaaaaattggttgaccaaactcgttatttatataagGgcacttacgaagtgcactct
>ECK125136788 ymfJp10 reverse 1202184 Sigma70 Strong
cctgcttcggcaggtttttttatacttgacaatgtacctttgagatacataatgtacccaAgagaaacaacaaacaggcag
>ECK125203422 ymiAp forward 1335090 Sigma70 Strong
actggagacgattcgtaaattcgctggatttttgactaaagtttctttaggatttgtctcAtcgtatgattaattacacca
>ECK125136980 yneJp5 forward 1614780 Sigma70 Strong
tgagtcatggtatgaagatacgcagatttactcttgctttaaaatgaataatattaagccActtattcacgaatcgagaat
>ECK125108720 yneMp forward 1622588 Sigma70 Strong
gaacacaataaagatttaattcagccttcgtttaggttacctctgctaatatctttctcaTtgagatgaaaattaaggtaa
>ECK120010974 ynfEp            forward 1658003 Sigma70 Strong
tcatacccttctattgatatggattaataattcttaacccaaaatgggtagactccctctAttgttagcgcgctaaatatt
>ECK120034389 yoaEp            reverse 1901772 Sigma70 Strong
ttcgtttgcaaaggaaggtaaatctttgccaaatcagaggcgtctctgatatgtttaactCccgtttaacaaccatggagt
>ECK125095434 yobFp1 reverse 1907793 Sigma70 Strong
atgtaataacttctcccactggcctggaacaactgaacttattgaactatgttagaaaatAcgccagtttaagtatctgcc
>ECK125109861 yqhDp forward 3155302 Sigma70 Strong
ggcaagacattggcagaaatgagcattgagagccagggcgctggcgatcacaatgaaaaaCatcaggcagatcgttctctg
>ECK120029867 yqjAp1 forward 3247548 Sigma70 Strong
taaagtgtcagcctgtgtaaatcctctcgccaccctcccctgcattcagcaaaatcagacTccacggacatgtaattttga
>ECK120030204 yrbGp forward 3340211 Sigma70 Strong
cgtggttagcgaaagctggcatttgttttactttttagccgcataaagtcaaaattaagcAtccgttacggctttctgaaa
>ECK120051397 yrbNp reverse 3308086 Sigma70 Strong
cggttgccaacaacgttcataactttgttgagcaccgatacgcattgttggaattatcgcTcctgggccaggaccaagatg
>ECK120015956 zinTp            forward 2041346 Sigma70 Strong
tgctctcgtttcctaagagttgttgcattttgctatatgttacaatataacattacacatCatatacattaactctggagg
>ECK120010036 zntAp            forward 3606422 Sigma70 Strong
ctcgctgtatctctgataaaacttgactctggagtcgactccagagtgtatccttcggttAatgagaaaaaacttaaccgg
>ECK120010035 znuCp forward 1942634 Sigma70 Strong
tatgtaacataatgcgaccaataatcgtaatgaatatgagaagtgtgatattataacattTcatgactactgcaagactaa
>ECK120010259 zwfp reverse 1936376 Sigma70 Strong
tcgcacgggtggataagcgtttacagttttcgcaagctcgtaaaagcagtacagtgcaccGtaagaaaattacaagtatac
>ECK125135056 aaeRp forward 3389496 Strong
agattgatatttaatatattagcgtaactgttatgctgttatctatattatgtgatctaaAtcacttttaagtcagagtga
>ECK125135055 aaeXp reverse 3389430                    Strong
tcacataatatagataacagcataacagttacgctaatatattaaatatcaatctacagcAatgttgctctcgcccggctt
>ECK125203427 accAp2 forward 208326                    Strong
acttatcgtcagcggacaggtcagctttgatgacttcagcggtgggcttaaaatgaccgcTcgcgaagtgatggatattga
>ECK125203428 accBp2 forward 3405172                   Strong
cttccctgataagaccagtatttagctgccaattgctacgaaatcgttataatgtgcgacCtcgtcctccctgacgcagtt
>ECK120034214 acnAp3 forward 1335827                   Strong
gttatctttaatattcaccctgaagagaatcagggcttcgcaaccctgtcattaaggaggAgctatgtcgtcaaccctacg
>ECK120034394 acnBp2 forward 131564 Strong
tgctattctgcccgttgcggtactgggcatttaccctacaaactgctgtctcacaggagcGtgaagagaatcgcctgccgc
>ECK120034418 acrBp           reverse 484685 Strong
tcgtgcgcgcacgtctggaagaagggcttaatccaaacgctattttagtcccgcaacaggGcgtaacccgtacgccgcgtg
>ECK120010778 adiYp           reverse 4338042 Strong
atttatcctgtaaaaaaatatgtacatgagaaattactataaaaatttgtactattagtaAaactcgttatttttatgcat
>ECK120010079 aesp reverse 500051                 Strong
ggtggttaactgagcggcgaatgttaacacaatctgacgggagcgcgcgagacgcagccaGtttcaatatcagcaggcggg
>ECK120015381 agpp            forward 1065559          Strong
acaagccattttgcgaacctgttcccggaaaaaagtcatatttctgtcacactctttagtGattgataacaaaagaggtgc
>ECK125160648 agrAp           forward 3648063          Strong
gcaggttataaaaccagcacgtccttgcaatagtttcagtatggtattagcattgatgcgTtagatgatggctatctcact
>ECK125160649 agrBp           forward 3648294          Strong
gccagctgaagaaatcgctaattcttgcaatgttagccactggctaatagtattgagctgTtagataagaactctctcact
>ECK120010371 alaSp           reverse 2822090          Strong
tttgccgactgaacgcatacggtattttacttcccagtcaagaaaacttatcttattcccActtttcagttaccagcccgg
>ECK120015391 allAp           forward 532390           Strong
tggaaaaatattccaacttttgtattgatgttgttctcttaaggttttagattgcctgttAttgaaaccaagctgaccggt
>ECK120015392 allSp reverse 532300                Strong
acatcaatacaaaagttggaatatttttccaaaactagatttagtccacaaattgaacagGgttatcatgtaaaaatactg
>ECK120034362 alrp1           forward 4265589          Strong
ggctctatcgagcaggatgcggacttgatcatgtttatctatcgtgatgaggtgtatcacGaaaacagtgatttaaaaggc
>ECK120034363 alrp2           forward 4265652          Strong
aacagtgatttaaaaggcatcgcggaaattattatcggtaaacaacgtaacggcccaatcGggacggtacgcctgaccttt
>ECK120010346 amnp1 forward 2055031                    Strong
agatcatccgatcttcgccttacacttttgtttcacatttctgtgacatactatcggatgTgcggtaattgtatggaacag
>ECK125135024 ampD            forward 118703           Strong
catgttaaaactccagatagctaacgaatcataaggtagaaacatgctactctgaaccggGtattagcaccacatataagg
>ECK120034406 ampHp1 reverse 396363                    Strong
ggtgagcaggaaaaagatcgtgtttacgcgccgttacgtttttaacactattattgcactAattcgccctttgcaatctat
>ECK120034407 ampHp2 reverse 396319                    Strong
acactattattgcactaattcgccctttgcaatctatcaatgagtagtataaatacgctcAgttaccttcattcaatctat
>ECK120010377 ansBp1 reverse 3100790                   Strong
tgttacctgcctctaactttgtagatctccaaaatatattcacgttgtaaattgtttaacGtcaaatttcccatacagagc
>ECK120010072 apaGp reverse 52034                      Strong
aacctgccttataacatctccacgccgttgatgttccatctgtttagctatactgatgccAttgccgacatgcactttatg
>ECK120010559 appAp forward 1040599                    Strong
gaacgtaggcctgatgcggcgcattagcatcgcatcaggcaatcaataatgtcagatatgAaaagcggaaacatatcgatg
>ECK120034317 arcBp           reverse 3353049          Strong
gaattccgcatttctcacacaatttataacgtaactgtcagaattgggtattattggggcAggttgtcgtgaaggaattcc
>ECK120033251 arcZp            forward 3350577 Strong
cgcatcacacatttaactgattcatgtaacaaatcatttaagttttgctatcttaactgcGtgcggcctgaaaaacagtgc
>ECK120010436 argEp2 reverse 4155078 Strong
ggagattaactttcccgcatcattgctttgcgctgaaacagtcaaagcggttatgttcatAtgcggatggcgatttacata
>ECK120009881 argPp            forward 3059730 Strong
gccgacggcttcggtatatgcaacctgacacaaaattgtgtcatagtgcaggaaaaagcaTttaccaggagcagacaacag
>ECK120010389 argRp2 forward 3384602 Strong
gaatttgcatgccgtgacgcaggcatgtttctcaataacgaaatttgataaaatcccgctCtttcataacattatttcagc
>ECK125165406 aroLp2 forward 406355 Strong
ttaagtggaattttttctttacaatcgaaattgtactagtttgatggtatgatcgctattCtcatgacaccggctttcgcc
>ECK125203419 ascBp            forward 2840942 Strong
gctcggctttgaggatattcctgttgaggaagcggctgcccaggcgcgaaagtatcagagCgtacaaccgaccgtcgccaa
>ECK120010300 asnBp            reverse 699222 Strong
tttattttttcaccgccaaatcgcttgcgcacagtgctgctttgcggcatttttttaaacAagcaaacacaacaagcaaca
>ECK120034193 asnSp            reverse 989044 Strong
tctttcgctgcatttgcgaattctgcttgtctgattgcagatgccaggtaacataggtatCcccccatttacgggtggaca
>ECK120010311 aspCp            reverse 985743 Strong
agcctgcgttttcatcagtaatagttggaattttgtaaatctcccgttaccctgatagcgGacttcccttctgtaaccata
>ECK120015413 aspSp            reverse 1950617 Strong
aggcgttccagcgcgggccaggctcttacggtgcggcagaatttccagtataatagccgcCttttttcattcagttgtgac
>ECK120034251 aspSp1 reverse 1950701 Strong
ttgttaatttttatgagttcgggcaacacctttatagcaaactggcgtagagtctgatttCaggcccgatataaagtggta
>ECK120010416 atpBp1 reverse 3922270                    Strong
cgtctctgcaataagcgggggcctggcagtctttctgcctaacgttttgtttatgatattTgcctggcgtcaccaggcgca
>ECK120010415 atpBp2 reverse 3922134 Strong
gttctggcgatgttggtgttactggtggtggcgttggcggttttaaaggcggtattcttgCcgctgatcgttacgtgggtt
>ECK120034333 avtAp            forward 3739674 Strong
accgctcactcttcaacagaccgatttgcaccccagcaaatgtagcgttattgttaccttCcttgctacagagttcgacag
>ECK120015158 bdmp             reverse 1556340          Strong
aaaatcatcaaccaggactaatcttaacaacgaagcggcaaatatttgccatgctgaatgTgctttataaatctgcgatcc
>ECK120034280 bepAp2 forward 2616026                    Strong
ggattcaggaaactgaaaagtcatttgagtgggctaatcttcgccgttacactcaaaggcGgcgcggtgggaacgatattt
>ECK120010045 bglGp            reverse 3906697          Strong
ggtcatatttttatcaatagcgcattgctattttctctgcacgcaattaaattaatttccGaacctggatgttcgttataa
>ECK125165401 bglGp2 reverse 3906717                    Strong
aagttaataactgcgagcatggtcatatttttatcaatagcgcattgctattttctctgcAcgcaattaaattaatttccg
>ECK125135057 bioHp            reverse 3544858          Strong
ttcggcatagccagcataatcccggtactgttagcatatgttcatccttgtaagtcaaaaGagaacaatagcggatgaata
>ECK120051396 blrp forward 1704512                Strong
atcgcaaaaacctcagtaaaaatcttgctggagctattattgctaagtaacatttaccccCtgaagttaatggatcaatca
>ECK120015398 borDp reverse 578921                      Strong
atatgaaatttcaactcattgtttagggtttgtttaattttctacacatacgattctgcgAacttcaaaaagcatcgggaa
>ECK120034411 brnQp forward 419488                      Strong
gtcatactgactgcattaacgcggtaaatcgaaaaactattcttcgccgcgcctggttggGagtatttcccgctaaaattg
>ECK120010027 cdaRp forward 182447                         Strong
catcatcctttaggcatttgcacaatgccgtacgttacgtacttccttatgctaagccgtGcataacggaggacttatggc
>ECK120010428 cdhpforward 4109907 Strong
ccggtggtttctcgcgaccgggttttttatttgtcacgattttgcgttacccttgcatctCtttgaggtacagggaaaaaa
>ECK120010651 chbBp reverse 1821726 Strong
gaaacaatttataaggtcaaagaaatactattgctcaggtctataccgtatactcctttcAgccacaaaaaaagtcatgtt
>ECK125095196 chiPp             forward 708236             Strong
cttacattctggttacagaaagagattgataattcgcgtcgcgaaaaatagtctgttcctGtagtcagcgagacttttctc
>ECK120034438 citCp1 reverse 651952                        Strong
ccgaaatactccttaggatgtatagcgaaaggagaaaaagatatacctcgatcaccccctTtctcccaagtgaaaataaaa
>ECK125095193 citCp2 reverse 652039 Strong
tttcgtaattacattaattaaaaaacttaaaatcattaaataaataaaaaaccactaactCtatgtgaaataaatcaaaat
>ECK120010539 clpAp3 forward 923210 Strong
gttgcagaaaccaaagtggcgatggtgaacaagtacgcgagggagaatgagcatccattgCtgtgtacgctagaaaaagcc
>ECK120010513 clpPp2 forward 456646 Strong
ccgtacccataacacagggactagctgataatccgtccataaggttacaatcggtacagcAggttttttcaattttatcca
>ECK120010623 clsAp             reverse 1308673 Strong
gaccagtgcttttcccgcgtttttatttgccagatgaatccatatgcgtaaactcataacAatgcgctttcaaaaggattt
>ECK120034198 clsCp             forward 1106292 Strong
taaaaaccgtttcagaatttattacccgtcacgctttacccgaacaggtatactttgtctGttatgatgaagaaaacgccc
>ECK120010718 cmrp              forward 883649             Strong
ccgtggtttcagctacaaaattcgctttctcgttagctgcgcttttattaaactctgcgcGattattattggcgaagaaat
>ECK120035112 cmrp2 forward 883569 Strong
gggtgattgtaacgggcataggttaaataaaacttaaagaaagcgtagctatactcgtaaTaatgtaagaatgtgcttaac
>ECK120034943 coaAp reverse 4175107 Strong
agcttcctggcagagattttttcttattattcctccccatctggtgttaccctcctgcccAttaacccattcaacagaact
>ECK125135036 comRp reverse 1168844                        Strong
tctggactggtgaacggaggtgattatttttataataacctttcattcacagtcaccaggTacaacggcatcatggcaact
>ECK120034301 cptBp             reverse 3041099            Strong
cgcgatggtgtttactgatattcccgtaaaagaaggcgaaaaacacgttacaatagccggGtactggattttcgtgagaca
>ECK120034937 creDp             forward 4638160            Strong
cttcaccgtcacttcacatagcttcaaattcttcccacatagtcttcgtatcctgctgccAttgcaaaggagaagactatg
>ECK120030656 crpp2             forward 3486031            Strong
tgatgtactgcatgtatgcaaaggacgtcacattaccgtgcagtacagttgatagcccctTcccaggtagcgggaagcata
>ECK120010358 crrp2             forward 2535480            Strong
gcaccaatgatttaacgcagtacactctggcagttgaccgtggtaatgatatgatttcacAcctttaccagccaatgtcac
>ECK120010104 cspBp             reverse 1641715            Strong
gatggctggatgtctaaaataaacattgcttcatatgttcaactatgcgttaatgattgcGtcggtttgaagaacagacga
>ECK120010105 cspGp forward 1051305                        Strong
gaccgccggacggctaaaataaaatttgcttaatctcaattatcatgcgttaatagctgcGtcggtttgaaagacagacag
>ECK120010103 cspIp             reverse 1638812            Strong
gtgtttttctttacaaaagtaatccttgctatgggtggttaatcatgcgttaatggtgttCtggtttgttacaaatttatc
>ECK125145773 cspIp2 reverse 1638712                       Strong
attttattatttgtacctcttgagatttccttgttggtttttctctctgatattttttttCggaccattctgcccaagggc
>ECK120010046 csrCp            forward 4051036          Strong
atgtgcaaatactgatggcggttgattgtttgtttaaagcaaaggcgtaaagtagcacccAtagagcgaggacgctaacag
>ECK120009947 cueOp forward 137045                      Strong
tcgattaaattgtgtctgcggcttgaccttcccgtaaggggaaggactatgctcaacgttTgattttgtttcgcctgctta
>ECK120010352 cvpAp2 reverse 2430770                    Strong
aacgttttctttttctgttagaatgcgccccgaacaggatgacagggcgtaaaatcgtggGacacatatggtctggattga
>ECK120030658 cyaAp1 forward 3990790                    Strong
tttggcgtgtggcaattcttaaaacattgtctaacatgcttgttaccgtcattatcatccGtggtccatcctaacatcctt
>ECK120034374 cycAp            forward 4429780          Strong
aattaacattagatctaaatcttagtattcatcccgcgtattgttacctaatatcgatgaGtcccgatacagattcgtcgt
>ECK120010401 cysEp            reverse 3782681          Strong
cgaggaaatttatcaagtattatattgcggaaaaaacgcgcgcgaggcagcattgactttActaggtcgtgcacgcaagga
>ECK120015377 cysGp2 forward 3497793                    Strong
gttattggtatgctacgccgaaagcgaatcgtccggttgcggacaaatttaatcaaactgAaacggctgccggttaattac
>ECK120034275 cysKp2 forward 2532344                    Strong
ttattccatcttgcatgtcattatttcccttctgtatatagatatgctaaatccttacttCcgcatattctctgagcgggt
>ECK120020516 cysSp            forward 554577           Strong
gatcggatcatcacgcaatgtatgctgattcgcgcgggaaatatgggtattatacgcaacTcaattacccacacatgtcta
>ECK125165405 dcuAp2 reverse 4366951                    Strong
tgaagtcgttctggaacgcggtctgttgactgaagcggaacttgacgatattttctccgtAcagaatctgatgcacccggc
>ECK120010034 dcuBp2 reverse 4349091                    Strong
caaaacgctaacaaaagttaattaactattatgtcacccgcattatgtgtatttttacccAcaaatgggtagatcagatta
>ECK120009898 dcuCp reverse 656083                      Strong
ccaaccgctaaatatgcgttttgttatctatgtataaaaacagcaacttcaatgtcttaaTggcagtttttcttgatttta
>ECK120034253 dcyDp reverse 1999508                     Strong
aaagggcgctttcactagcgccttttttatttacgcgttttcagcgtgcataataagaaaAtcacaacaacacacatcgga
>ECK120034319 degQp1 forward 3380654                    Strong
tttttcgggcgcagccattgcgccctcctcttctctccctccccgactatcatttaatctGgtgtctcattgttagccgtc
>ECK120034336 dfpp forward 3812703                 Strong
gcaaagtgaatctcaggtgaaggcacgacaacaaaagtattgtgataaaatcgccaacttCtggtgtcaccctacaggaaa
>ECK120034359 dgkAp forward 4256608                     Strong
tcatgtttcgcgcggcgctacgcaaacccgaatcatcggatttaacggtacactgatattGacgctcataatgtaaaaagg
>ECK125135061 dgkAp1 forward 4256457                    Strong
acttgctttttaccaggatgcttaatggtaaattcagtaatttgtagtaaattcgtggccAgccggacataaacgatgtaa
>ECK120030651 dgtp1             forward 179196          Strong
aatgatgccgattttcatagatttactcgcgataagcccgatttgaaggcatagtttaccAtgcgcttacggggaagcgta
>ECK120030652 dgtp2             forward 179214          Strong
agatttactcgcgataagcccgatttgaaggcatagtttaccatgcgcttacggggaagcGtatttctcacgcgggagagg
>ECK120035102 dinDp             forward 3817699         Strong
ctgctccagattttgcgatgtttttttgcccagcacactgagaacgtgagatactcacaaCtgtatataaatacagttaca
>ECK120033650 dksAp1 reverse 160722                     Strong
gtaaagtaagtaactggttaatttacattctggtcgcgtgcgcaaatacgcttttcctcaCacagttgtcaagtgttacgt
>ECK120010411 dnaAp1 reverse 3883961                    Strong
ttttccaatatgcggcgtaaatcgtgcccgcctcgcggcaggatcgtttacacttagcgaGttctggaaagtcctgtggat
>ECK120034361 dnaBp forward 4264283                    Strong
tgttgccatgtgtcctccagaacgtatcgtcagggtctgcttcatatgataaagtttcgaCccattctttatctcggtaac
>ECK120010286 dnaQp1 forward 235934                    Strong
ggtggtgcgggtgtagccagcgctaaaggttttctcgcgtccgcgatagcgtaaaatagcGccgtaacccccaggtcctgg
>ECK120010287 dnaQp2 forward 236017                    Strong
tgcccagacacgaaccatcggtgaaaatttctacctgtttaagcatctctggtagacttcCtgtaattgaatcgaactgta
>ECK120016946 dnaTp reverse 4601615                    Strong
cggtctttccattcctggattatggttgtaccgcaagcgccctcgcgtataaaattgcctCgcttaagcacacggatgaga
>ECK120030216 dnaXp forward 492056                     Strong
acagcacaagatgtgcattcagcctcgccgttctgacggggctgtgttagcattacccctTcgtgaatccaccttccagcg
>ECK125095194 dpiBp           forward 651984           Strong
tgataaccttttattttcacttgggagaaagggggtgatcgaggtatatctttttctcctTtcgctatacatcctaaggag
>ECK125095195 dpiBp2 forward 652172                    Strong
ttaagtgatttaattgatttaatgaataaaatttgccacgatcataattaatatctatgtAttttgattcaacattttaat
>ECK120051394 dsbGp reverse 638800                     Strong
aagttttaccttacaaccttcgtaagacaactttgtgaactttgcaccgccagcggcgatAaaaagtaaaatggccccctt
>ECK125135045 dusCp reverse 2230395                    Strong
ctctttgcagacctttaatccgctgaccataggcgctaacatagcgcctcatttttttgcGggtgatgatatgcgtgtgtt
>ECK120034311 ebgRp forward 3221437                    Strong
aaacgcgctttatttactgaaaacaggtgacccgataagcacttcctctacaatgggggcGcacatcagggaaagtaaaaa
>ECK120010339 edap1 reverse 1933109                    Strong
caaaagcgaacggaatgccagaattacataaactcatgccgccacttggtgtattattggAccggtgtttcaaaattgcgt
>ECK120010338 edap2 reverse 1932799                    Strong
attattcagcgccttgcgtgaaaaactgtccggtgccgaacagggcgcaacctgtatcacTttttaagacgacaaatttgt
>ECK120010337 edap3 reverse 1932784                    Strong
gcgtgaaaaactgtccggtgccgaacagggcgcaacctgtatcactttttaagacgacaaAtttgtaatcaggcgagagaa
>ECK120009944 emrKp reverse 2483448                    Strong
attgcaaaagccacggtttagtcctctgttgttttttttgcacctcatttaaattaggccTccaacgttcctgggataatg
>ECK120030667 enop1 reverse 2908674                    Strong
actgaaacacggtgggctgaagaatcgtgtcagcgtcaacatcaaactgatcgattcacaAgatgttgaaacgcgcggcgt
>ECK120030668 enop2 reverse 2908702                    Strong
cggatgcttataaatcagtgatcgaagcactgaaacacggtgggctgaagaatcgtgtcaGcgtcaacatcaaactgatcg
>ECK120030669 enop3 reverse 2908846                    Strong
aggggctggacgattatatttgtaaacgattcagcttaaactgcccggaagcgaatctgtCcgaatgggaacaggttatct
>ECK120034296 enop6 reverse 2908018                    Strong
caggctttgtgaaagccgccagcgagttccagaaacgtcaggcgaagtaagtaaaaaagtTagagcggcaacgcgtaccct
>ECK120034370 epmAp forward 4382618                    Strong
cgctgtttgattcctgcgtaaaatttgtctcgccgtcgcgttgcgagtagacttcgtgccCttgtcaaaaactggagattt
>ECK120020517 erpAp forward 176561                     Strong
ggccgcatcagccagcgagaatacttgaacgaaataccagggtattagataatggcgattAttattgggttagaatttgcc
>ECK125095192 exuTp1 forward 3245043                   Strong
atgacaagttatctttctgccgtcgcaaatcataagtcgacggaatgcaaattgccgattCattcatttgttagatgaatc
>ECK120010209 exuTp2 forward 3245002                   Strong
atattcccacatttgtgatggctctcaccttttaaagttgtatgacaagttatctttctgCcgtcgcaaatcataagtcga
>ECK125160782 fabHp           forward 1148516           Strong
ggcgattcagtcacctcaaccccgaccagtataacggcgcctgtctgttaggattgcgcgGcacggtgataaaaagtcatg
>ECK125203429 fabIp           reverse 1351121           Strong
cctgctccggtcggacctggcaactatagctactcacagccaggttgattataataaccgTttatctgttcgtactgttta
>ECK125109866 fadHp           forward 3231624           Strong
ccatcacaaaccccgcactccccttttcccttttctccggcgacggctaaattagaactcAtccgaccacataacaattat
>ECK120034287 ffhp reverse 2747853                 Strong
aggtgaacgctgctccaaccgttgcataacaacaaagacgccttcatgttatactgcggcAaaatactgatgatgtgtcgc
>ECK120010504 fimBp2 forward 4540667                    Strong
tgaacgaatattaaattttgctgaattttttatgttgattttacttgttacagaacatatCacatgatatatagataagat
>ECK120010509 fkpAp2 reverse 3477499                    Strong
gaaactaatttaaacaaaaagagtctgaaaatagatgataatagggcgtgtctgtatgtaGatttgttcgacaacgcttta
>ECK120010354 flKp forward 2437912                 Strong
gtttgtgttacctgtatgagacgagagttaaccggacaagtgtgccataatctcgcggccAggcatacttgcgaagatttc
>ECK120009880 fldAp           reverse 711521            Strong
tgtgcagtcctgctcgtttgctgattccgcaagactgcctgttctgctatgattgcctttAtccgtgggcaattttccacc
>ECK120034255 flup1           forward 2071474           Strong
gaacaacagaaccacaattcagaaactcccacagccggacctccggcactgtaaccctttAcctgccggtatccacgtttg
>ECK120034256 flup2           forward 2071503           Strong
cacagccggacctccggcactgtaaccctttacctgccggtatccacgtttgtgggtaccGgcttttttattcaccctcaa
>ECK120034422 folDp           reverse 557781            Strong
tcacgcgataaatctgaaacgaaacctgacagcgcgccccgcttctgacaaaataggcgcAtccccttcgatctacgtaac
>ECK120034347 frep1           forward 4026443           Strong
gaatggggacgtcccatcaaaaaagatccagatgttgtcgcgcatattgacgccatctggGatgaactggctatttttaac
>ECK120034348 frep2           forward 4026485           Strong
catattgacgccatctgggatgaactggctatttttaacaacggtaaaagcgcctgatgcGcgtttgttttgccctattta
>ECK120033245 ftsLp1          forward 90688             Strong
cgcaccaaagaactggcggaagtcgtggctgctgcaacgccggtgaaagataagtttaaaCatcccgcgacccgtaccttc
>ECK120033246 ftsLp2          forward 91012             Strong
ttaatgccgggcgaagaagaggtggctgagaaccctcgtgcccgtagttcagttctgcgtAttgcagagaggacgaatgca
>ECK120010551 ftsZp2 forward 105045                     Strong
ccggtggcgcagcgcagatcgaaggtcttgcagcctgtgctcagcgcgtgtttcatacgcAagtgcgtatcggcgcgccgc
>ECK120010552 ftsZp3 forward 104693 Strong
atcgccgtttataccggtggggcattgcgccacactaaggtaattccttatgctggcaatGtcgtgaccagtgatatcgct
>ECK120010553 ftsZp4 forward 104636 Strong
gaagatgaacgtgaactgggtgtctgcgtcgtcgatatcggtggtggtacaatggatatcGccgtttataccggtggggca
>ECK120035126 gadWp1 reverse 3664651                    Strong
atctggcagtttttgcgctaagaaacagtctggcatcatttcattagtatactgaaattgAaataatcgcagtatgaaata
>ECK120035127 gadWp2 reverse 3664781                    Strong
gaaataagatcagccatttttttataaacataagctatacgctgtgcgaaaatatattcgTgctgcatttacttattatca
>ECK120010033 galEp3 reverse 792177                     Strong
gcgtcttttttcagataaaaagcgcaatcattcataaaccctctgttttataatcacttaAtcgcgcataaaaaacggcta
>ECK120034260 galFp           reverse 2114351           Strong
agtaatcaattcagggtaattgatgctggcgaaaaaaatcgaacaagctataattcagcaAccattttacaggtggatgaa
>ECK125165947 galKp           reverse 790463 Strong
ttgggcaaatagcttcctgcctaacgaagctgagcgcgaagaccgcctgcaaaaagaataTtttgccgaacagaaatcacc
>ECK120015383 galUp           forward 1291405           Strong
tatgctaactcgcctccttttcagaacttagccccttcggggtgctgatatactgggatgCgatacagaaatatgaacacg
>ECK125141981 gapAp6 forward 1862247                    Strong
gatataacgaatggattcttcacttaccggttcgtagaaactgggccagccacagccggaAtcatacttggtttgggaatg
>ECK120034262 gatZp           reverse 2176432           Strong
ccttctcgcaggcgttaaaaaattacctgaccgagcaccctgaagcgaccgatccccgggAttatttgcagtcggctaaat
>ECK120009919 gcdp2           reverse 141279            Strong
actattcattcgcggaatctgttaataaagctcgaattgtgatgacgatcacacatgttaAaacctataattaattgctac
>ECK120010565 glgCp2 reverse 3569455                    Strong
tgctctcggatcgctttttgatcgcaattaacgccacgcttgaggtaacagagattgtttTacctgctggggagtggcacg
>ECK120010570 glnBp3 reverse 2687526                    Strong
gctgcaaatcaccaaaggcaacgtcacccacgcggcgagaatggcggggcgcaaccggacAgaattttataaactgctttc
>ECK125109859 glnDp           reverse 188655            Strong
ataagatgaagccggcgaatgccggcttttttaatgcgataatttaatcttatgggtggcGcacaatgaatacccttccag
>ECK120010307 glnHp1 reverse 848198                     Strong
catcacacaatcgttacataaagattgttttttcatcaggttttacgctaaataatcactGtgttgagtgcacaattttag
>ECK120010302 glnSp1 forward 706060                     Strong
gattatcaattttaaaaaactaacagttgtcagcctgtcccgcttataagatcatacgccGttatacgttgtttacgcttt
>ECK120010712 glpEp           reverse 3561849           Strong
atgtataacattatggcgtttatctgccgcttcgacgtaaactgtgcggtaaatttgcccActtgtttgtaaagaaagaga
>ECK120010713 glpGp           reverse 3561480           Strong
cctggcaacgtcagtttcccgcagaggtggcgtacggcgcgtaacgctttatactgtcccCttttgtgtggaataagcgac
>ECK120010714 glpRp1 reverse 3560891                    Strong
cgcctcggtagcggtaagctaattgtcattacgcttatcagcgccctgttaagcggctatGtgcagcaaaaattcagcggg
>ECK120010715 glpRp2 reverse 3560756                    Strong
ctacgtggcgaacgcgatccgcaaagtggcatttacctgcaacgtgggttaattatctttGcgctgatctggattgtcgcc
>ECK120010304 gltAp2 reverse 754670                     Strong
agtgtggaagtattgaccaattcattcgggacagttattagtggtagacaagtttaataaTtcggattgctaagtacttga
>ECK120034400 gmhBp forward 222806                      Strong
atcaatcaggtttatgcgaagagcactttcttgcaggtcgaaacatgcgatactagcgtcAcatgccttattaaggagcta
>ECK120034230 gnsBp           reverse 1637846           Strong
tgtgtaaaatttagactatcgtatgttgattattgcgatgtttcatcttatcttttacacGtttgcaccatataatcgact
>ECK120010031 gntRp3 reverse 3578862                    Strong
tttttgcaggcttcctcgctcgctccggtcgcgtgctgatgtacgcttccggggttttgcCgcgtcgttagcacaatgcga
>ECK120010032 gntRp4 reverse 3578880                    Strong
gcatctttgaagcctgcctttttgcaggcttcctcgctcgctccggtcgcgtgctgatgtAcgcttccggggttttgccgc
>ECK120010054 gntTp2 forward 3546446                    Strong
ttacccgtatcattcacatgggtaccaaacatactcctgacatctgactacaataattagTtttagtgggtatcagtcgtg
>ECK120034335 gpmMp forward 3785235                     Strong
atattttgatcttcagaggctattttatcgattcagctgtagtaaaattacgcaaattttGactcttgagtatgaggttgt
>ECK120034366 groLp1 forward 4370783                    Strong
caagcgtaaagaagttgaaactaaatctgctggcggcatcgttctgaccggctctgcagcGgctaaatccacccgcggcga
>ECK120034367 groLp2 forward 4370873                   Strong
tgtcggcaatggccgtatccttgaaaatggcgaagtgaagccgctggatgtgaaagttggCgacatcgttattttcaacga
>ECK120034368 groLp3 forward 4370976                   Strong
aagatcgacaatgaagaagtgttgatcatgtccgaaagcgacattctggcaattgttgaaGcgtaatccgcgcacgacact
>ECK120010760 grxAp            reverse 890776          Strong
attaatgcaacaggttaaacctactttcagcgaatacattttagcgtgatcattacaggcAtaaatctatgaggagagaaa
>ECK120030211 gspAp3 reverse 3455495                   Strong
attgggtgggttgtatattgacgttagtataaatagtattaatgccgcttgcatgaatcaAgcaaaatttatttatattag
>ECK120030210 gspCp1 forward 3455482                   Strong
attatccttaatcataaaaataatgtatgtatttattaattaaatacatattactaatatAaataaattttgcttgattca
>ECK120034306 gssp reverse 3138610                Strong
cagaatgtgaattttttaaccctttgcgccagccgctgcgatgaggtgtatgattagtctGacctctgtccggttaatgtc
>ECK120034235 gstAp            forward 1714327         Strong
cgtaaaattcagggaaactcttttacaagccgctaacttttcgttagcggctttttttttGttcagcaacgcactaccata
>ECK120034433 gstBp            reverse 880519          Strong
ctggtgtcatttttttgccagctgttgcttaaaagttaactttacttcaccatcggagtcCtgttcagcctgtggctgcct
>ECK120015166 hcaEp            forward 2668982         Strong
cgtctcagctggtagaaattaactatttcacatattagcaaccaaccagcaacatccttaTggcacaaaaatagaaggtca
>ECK120015165 hcaRp reverse 2668964                    Strong
aatcctgaaagataagatgtattgaccttctatttttgtgccataaggatgttgctggttGgttgctaatatgtgaaatag
>ECK120010106 hcppreverse 913845                  Strong
cttaaagttgcatgaaaaatcccttttatccccgcgttaagcgtcttaaccttaaacatgTatattaaatataactttaaa
>ECK120034234 hdhAp reverse 1698122                    Strong
tattcccgcccggctcattgcagcgaaataatcctctctttatctgctatacctggtagtGtcctttcctcaaggttaatg
>ECK125135035 helDp            forward 1024438         Strong
atgggcggcaattgtaacgtttttttgggctggagcacgttttctctgacggttacactgAtaagaaataatttcgtgtgg
>ECK120010321 hemAp2 forward 1263583                   Strong
acgttgcagttataacccttaatgctagcgttaccgtccgctatcgtctatgttcaagttGtcttaattgccagaatctaa
>ECK120010747 hlyEp            reverse 1230466         Strong
tatcatattaatagaaataaagacattgacgcatcccgcccggctaactatgaattagatGaagtaaaatttattaatagt
>ECK120034379 holDp            forward 4607781         Strong
ctggcggcgattatagccatatgttggcgcggtatcgacgaatttgctatatttgcgcccCtgacaacaggagcgattcgc
>ECK120010726 hupAp forward 4200176                    Strong
gcctgatttgtcgtacctggagtcttccctttcgccccccgtctggtctacatttgggggGcgaaaaaaagtggctatcgg
>ECK120010727 hupBp1 forward 461442                    Strong
atataactgctgcgcgttcgtaccttgaaggattcaagtgcgatataaattataaagaggAagagaagagtgaataaatct
>ECK120010730 hupBp4 forward 461305                    Strong
acctcgcgcaaaatgcactaataaaaacagggctggcaggctaattcgggcttgccagccTttttttgtctcgctaagtta
>ECK120010518 hypBp forward 2850839                    Strong
gccttttgttttgatctggtttgccgcggcagcgtggcggaaggttgtaaactgcacctcGaagaacaagaggccgaatgc
>ECK120034431 iaaAp            forward 866537          Strong
atctttctatattcaaaaattgaatgagtaattcataaaaattctgatatttatagcaaaAgtggcgaaccacccttaatg
>ECK125145774 ibaGp            reverse 3336833         Strong
atttatcagcgaggctttttgcttatttatgccagcgcaactttgctctaagatgtttcgCtggtttattaactgatgatt
>ECK120010014 iclRp reverse 4223652                 Strong
ctcatcggatcagttcagtaactattgcattagctaacaataaaaatgaaaatgatttccAcgatacagaaaaaagagact
>ECK120010039 idnDp            reverse 4494435           Strong
caattttctgacgtgatcttcatcacaaataatgacagttaaaaccgcttaaatgcttccGaggtgtctacctgaccagtg
>ECK120030654 ileSp2           forward 22034             Strong
gccatctccgggcgtgtagtccacggtgatgaattagggcgcactataggtttcccgacgGcgaatgtaccgctgcgccgt
>ECK120010421 ilvAp            forward 3955235           Strong
ggcgcgtcgtgaagcgcaggacgctcgaggtgacaaagcctggacgccgaaaaatcgtgaAcgtcaggtctcctttgccct
>ECK120010420 ilvEp3           forward 3952388           Strong
aaaatataaatatcgaattgaccgttgccagcccacggtcggtcgacttactgtttagtcAgttaaataaactggtggacg
>ECK120010279 ilvIp2           forward 85540             Strong
ctgtaatggaggattttatcgtttcttttcacctttcctcctgtttattcttattaccccGtgtttatgtctctggctgcc
>ECK120010331 infCp            reverse 1801346           Strong
actgaagaacaaattcgcgatgaagttaacggatgtatccgtttagtctatgatatgtacAgcacttttggcttcgagaag
>ECK120034252 insA-5p reverse 1979226                    Strong
gacttatacatttatgggtgatgctgccaacttactgatttagtgtatgatggtgtttttGaggtgctccagtggcttctg
>ECK120034205 iraMp            reverse 1212090           Strong
agattccttgctttaaattttattttatataagccatcattttaattaatttatttttttGaggggggggtaatatactca
>ECK120034408 iraPp2 forward 401363                      Strong
tcataaaaataatacttccagacactatgaagttgtgaaacataatgttaacttctccatActttggataaggaaatacag
>ECK120034398 ispUp1 forward 194784                      Strong
tccggctacagagagtcgcgctatttgttagcgtagggcttcagtgatatagtctgcgccAtctgatcgtaagtagttggc
>ECK120034399 ispUp2 forward 194901                      Strong
tttttttgtataggcttcagtattcctgagtaccgtaaaccctgtcagggaataaaaaacGcgtgatgttgtctgctactc
>ECK120034419 kefAp            forward 486492            Strong
ttcctggacattttcgtcgttgctattctggttcactgcgtcgtgatattcttgcggtttGactttttcaggtcgttcttc
>ECK120034341 kupp1 forward 3931103                      Strong
cgaactgctcaggcgggaaattctttccgctaataaatgagggtgagccataatgaagtgGcgtcctttcgtcaaaagttc
>ECK120034342 kupp2 forward 3931181                      Strong
ttctgcgtaaattgcgagtatagacgtttcttgctggtggctaaaatagtctcaaaggggGggtatttttctttgagccag
>ECK120034343 kupp3 forward 3931265                      Strong
aatgtggccgcatttaggagtacgattttgccgttaatcgtgcatactgtgcgcttttttGtgggccaagggactaagcac
>ECK120010291 lacIp reverse 367538                  Strong
catttacgttgacaccatcgaatggcgcaaaacctttcgcggtatggcatgatagcgcccGgaagagagtcaattcagggt
>ECK120010041 lacZp2 reverse 366365                      Strong
gcaacgcaattaatgtgagttagctcactcattaggcaccccaggctttacactttatgcTtccggctcgtatgttgtgtg
>ECK120030795 ldrDp            reverse 3700272           Strong
tcgcgcaatgaggaagattgccgggtgctgacagtaaaaagcaatcgtagaatcagcggcAagccggaaaggttccggtga
>ECK120034191 ldtDp            forward 980931            Strong
tctttaaacttctttacattaggttatgtaaaaacgtatcggcgtttatatactgaagatAagcctgatgagtaacaggct
>ECK120010363 lepAp            reverse 2707196           Strong
cggtatgaacatttcctcgcctcaatgttgtagtgtagaatgcggcgtttctattaatacAgacgttaagctcagaacagc
>ECK125160647 leuEp            reverse 1880800           Strong
atcaggttaaaacctgattttctcctttctaagccgctacagattggttagcatattcacCtttaatcgcgcatgatcgaa
>ECK125141557 leuLp2 reverse 84024                       Strong
taattaatttatatatttaatgcattaattcttaacattaattgatcaataatattcaccAaatcaatatcaaaaaaaatc
>ECK125141555 leuOp1 forward 84154                       Strong
cacatttaatccattttgtagatgattgagtattcgcggtagttatgattagattgttttCgcaacaaaaacattatggat
>ECK125141556 leuOp2 forward 84304                       Strong
gttttccgaattttactcattttgctttttcttattttatatgcatgataaatcatattcTtcaggattatttctctgcat
>ECK120034274 ligAp             reverse 2530201          Strong
gacgccaacgcctgatacacttaaggcaaattaactcctcttcgaacccccgcttgtcggGggtttttagcattgatggtg
>ECK120034426 lipAp             reverse 660301           Strong
ttacattttcgcgaccgctttggctgctttcaggtccgtttcaatgatatactgccagtcGttaattcaaaaatagttgat
>ECK120010555 livKp2            reverse 3597730          Strong
ttattttatgctgacaaaggcacttttttctgtttatctatcaataaattcagaatattaTctgttcttaatcgactgaaa
>ECK120010328 lpp forward 1757383                   Strong
aagtgccttcccatcaaaaaaatattctcaacataaaaaactttgtgtaatacttgtaacGctacatggagattaactcaa
>ECK120016585 lppp2             forward 1757296          Strong
tgaatccgatggaagcatcctgttttctctcaatttttttatctaaaacccagcgttcgaTgcttctttgagcgaacgatc
>ECK120034392 lpxCp2 forward 106530 Strong
tttgggtttcgaggctctttgtgctaaactggcccgccgaatgtatagtacacttcggttGgataggtaatttggcgagat
>ECK120009843 lpxLp             reverse 1116709          Strong
gcggcatgatatagcaattatcgataattaacatccacacattttacgctacatttgcgcAttaaaaattatttgttattt
>ECK120034185 ltaEp             reverse 909320           Strong
gacgcggtgatgaagtgatcgaactggcgaaaacaaactggctaaggtaaaaagggtggcAtttcccgtcataataaggac
>ECK120035129 luxSp2 reverse 2814816                     Strong
agaaaaaggccactcgtgagtggccaaaatttcatctctgaattcagggatgatgataacAaatgcgcgtctttcatatac
>ECK120010078 malZp forward 422495                       Strong
tcccccaaatatccttcagatgatgagtgatcctgcattaggctatggcaaggtgatcagAttttcatcacaggggaatta
>ECK120034440 marCp reverse 1618941                      Strong
gcgatgcaaggctagctaaagagtgacactttatccttgtttaccccttatacttttcgcTgataacccagatacacagga
>ECK120034403 matCp1 reverse 310119                      Strong
aatggtaccaccgcagtaacagattacagcactctaccggaaggcatctggagcggcgacGttagcgtacagttcgacgcg
>ECK120034404 matCp2 reverse 310076                      Strong
gcatctggagcggcgacgttagcgtacagttcgacgcgacctggaccagttaatctctctGatgtaccagcaggggtagcc
>ECK120034195 matPp forward 1018459                      Strong
aaagctcacaggatggagattcttttcttcactggcctaaaaagctgatattctgtaaagAgttacacggtaacattgaga
>ECK120010734 mazEp1 reverse 2911368                     Strong
cacgggagttaggccgaaatttgctcgtatctacaatgtagattgatatatactgtatctAcatatgatagcggtttgagg
>ECK120010735 mazEp2 reverse 2911355                     Strong
ccgaaatttgctcgtatctacaatgtagattgatatatactgtatctacatatgatagcgGtttgaggaaagggttatgat
>ECK125141453 mcaSp reverse 1405751                      Strong
cgtgaaatctgtcactgaagaaaattggcaactaaaggttaaaaccgttataacacagtcAccggcgcagaggagacaatg
>ECK125095190 mdhp2 reverse 3384470                      Strong
aaattaattgttatcaaattgatgttgttttggctgaacggtagggtatattgtcaccacCtgttggaatgttgcgctaat
>ECK120035109 mdtEp1 forward 3659084                     Strong
gaacccttcgttgcccgaatgctggcaggaactgttggcagaacggcaacattttttttgTcgttgacctcaccatgtcga
>ECK120035110 mdtEp2 forward 3659140                  Strong
tttgtcgttgacctcaccatgtcgatcactgtgcctgtatcccaccttactggctgacaaCcccactatgccgctggtctg
>ECK120034267 mepSp forward 2269920                   Strong
agtccacagatttggccttaaggaattgtttcaacatgcccaggtaattagtctcgtgtcGcttggcatttttttataacg
>ECK125165404 mepSp2 forward 2269811                  Strong
ttataaaaaatcatgtaaaaccgctcgccaagaccgcaccaatcgggtaatctcgaactcGttttgcctcggcggtagatt
>ECK120015428 metEp forward 4012884                   Strong
cttcacttcggcatgaataatttgcgcttgaggaatatacagtaaccgccaattatggatGtgtaaacatctggacggcta
>ECK120010433 metJp1 reverse 4128558                  Strong
ttgtgttaatggacgtcaatacatctggacatctaaacttctttgcgtatagattgagcaAatcccaaatagccgttaaaa
>ECK120015429 metRp1 reverse 4012855                  Strong
acgaaggattttagccgtccagatgtttacacatccataattggcggttactgtatattcCtcaagcgcaaattattcatg
>ECK120015430 metRp2 reverse 4012837                  Strong
ccagatgtttacacatccataattggcggttactgtatattcctcaagcgcaaattattcAtgccgaagtgaaggactttc
>ECK120010640 mgrBp reverse 1908792                   Strong
aaaagcacgaatatcgacatagttaggcgctgtttaactaacgcatgctagtttaatgacAtaaggtaggtgaaacggaga
>ECK120034196 mgsAp reverse 1027041                   Strong
gcctgtgcgcaggctttttcggtctttatcttgcagcgataagtgcttacagtaatctgtAggaaagttaactacggatgt
>ECK120010542 micLp2 reverse 1958986                  Strong
ccattcttgaggatgtgcgcacggtccgcgaattaggttttcctggactggtgacgggcgTtctcgatgttgacgggaatg
>ECK120034339 mioCp reverse 3926475                   Strong
ttaatcccatacttttccacaggtagatcccaacgcgttcacagcgtacaatacgccactCttaataaaggtggcggttta
>ECK120034244 mipAp reverse 1866506                   Strong
ctttaaaaaatgaaaacgtaaaaaggttgggtttcgatgtattgacgggtaaactttgtcGcccgctaaacatttgtttaa
>ECK120034271 mlaAp reverse 2465135                   Strong
ttctgtttctatagaatcaagtagcctacagggcggcgattaccaggctatgatcaaatcAgcaaatcagggcgtctggac
>ECK125135032 mntRp forward 853098                    Strong
tgattgcattacatacagatatagcacaggctatattatatagctattgctaaaacgttaAttttttgtaccttcgcaact
>ECK120009859 moaAp1 forward 816827                   Strong
gctatgcctccctgatgatgtatatcaaagtaaaaccgccattttcccttattctgtagcGaaatagcacgatcatgacgc
>ECK120009860 moaAp2 forward 816914                   Strong
catgattacatagcgaaagtgtggatggtaaaaatctcatttacacgctagtatcggcatAaccactaaacactctagcct
>ECK120015168 moaBp forward 817977                    Strong
cagcaacaggcgctggaagcgcgtatttcagcggcgctgcgggagaagaaacagacccatTtcctgcatcaaaacaacacc
>ECK120010690 mobAp1 reverse 4042030                  Strong
cattcagacgtttacatttcatagtgatgctccttactcttgagacagacacgttagcagGgtcaatcccacaataaaaga
>ECK120010691 mobAp2 reverse 4042121                  Strong
aaacctgactctttcgccagtttctgcaaaaattgcagcaggttaaggtctggctcttttTgccaggctggctggaggagt
>ECK120033222 mraWp1 forward 90010                    Strong
aagaagtgatgctggttggacagttcaacaagtttgagctgtgggatgaaacaacctggcAtcaacaggtcaaggaagata
>ECK120034329 mrcAp forward 3522826                   Strong
tatcacccgtcactctgacgggtatatcaatgcgtctggcttgcctttatactaccgcgcGtttgtttataaactgcccaa
>ECK120034396 mrcBp forward 164721                    Strong
tcttcttctgtcttgtaacagaagaacagaaaatcgggcttttgcgcctgaatattgcggAgaaaaagcatggccgggaat
>ECK120030646 mreBp2 reverse 3401193                   Strong
gatgcattaagcctttctggactcaggcagagatttgtaacaaaggaaacgaactgcactAattttcaccgtagcagatga
>ECK120034321 mscLp forward 3438001                    Strong
aggattaattaaattcattcctggcaggaaaatggcttaacatttgttagacttatggttGtcggcttcatagggagaata
>ECK120034303 mscSp reverse 3069871                    Strong
tcagatgagaaatctgtgatctatttggcaaaattatgctttattgtttacccttgtcagActgcccgtcataaggcggcg
>ECK120010672 msrAp reverse 4442261                    Strong
atccagtaatatggattaaaaagcagactaaaccccaaatatttcttatgttttactttaGacctattcacggtggttatt
>ECK120029974 mtrp1 reverse 3305932                    Strong
tcgtttcggtggtgatgcgtaatcatcgctgaacagcgaacacaatctgtaaaataatatAtacagccccgatttttacca
>ECK120010083 mutYp1 forward 3102988                   Strong
aggccgtggctgcggaaagttccggtttacaccctgccgtcgctgtgctgcaatcttgccCccaacaacagtgaattcggt
>ECK120010084 mutYp2 forward 3102911                   Strong
ataaaggtttagtcgcttgtgaaagtgttctgaaaacgggcattatccaaagttagttgcCggatgcaagcatgataaggc
>ECK120034429 nadAp forward 782061                     Strong
gcatataaaacaaattacaccgataacagcgaatattacgctaatgtcggttttaacgttAagcctgtaaaacgagatggt
>ECK125135023 nadCp reverse 118663                     Strong
ccttatatgtggtgctaatacccggttcagagtagcatgtttctaccttatgattcgttaGctatctggagttttaacatg
>ECK120015402 nagAp reverse 703175                     Strong
gttcttacggaaaaattcatctgtttatgggcggtgtaggtaacgacggtcatattgcatTtaacgaaccggcgtcttctc
>ECK120010101 nanCp reverse 4539928                    Strong
aattgcaaatctggttttgttgtatggattgcgtgatttttgatctggtataacaggtatAaaggtgcaccaagatagtca
>ECK120020520 napFp3 reverse 2303695                   Strong
agagcaaaccagcagaaatatctctggtgaatcaatcgctatataaatatatttataaccAtttgaaatgtgagcaaaagc
>ECK125135049 narQp forward 2585577                    Strong
acgattcataacgaccttcttttttggttgtaaaaaccttattctttatatgagtgttgtTattacccgacttacagggga
>ECK120030794 nepIp            reverse 3841771         Strong
acaccgtaaaagttgcaaaaacgttaaatgcgtcacacatttcaatgttaaagtggtcggCttttcccctgaaacatgcca
>ECK120020518 nfuAp1 forward 3545596                   Strong
caggtctggtgcctttgtcgaaccttgtagagcctcgatgatgggcgtattataaccaacTaaaatagtcaactattaggc
>ECK120010758 nikRp            forward 3618537         Strong
ggtggtgggagagaaattaaccttttcctctgacgccggacgtgtgctacaaaacgcggtAttacccgcattccccgtgcg
>ECK120029973 nlpAp            reverse 3840017         Strong
tattcttatcgatagcgtttcgttttttaaaccgcagcgaccttaccgctatagtcaggtAatcattaataaaaggataaa
>ECK120010699 nmpCp reverse 576870                     Strong
aacgagaaaccaaaacttacatcttgaaataatcacattgattagatgaatatttatcgcGcagtgacatcattttttaat
>ECK120029473 norRp            reverse 2832307         Strong
ttaatgagtagtcaaaatgactatcaatcaaatggtcgatatgacaatatctatagtcaaAttgacagtgaggcaaagatg
>ECK120020521 nsrRp            forward 4406044         Strong
aattctggtacgcctggcagatattttgcctgccgggcgaacagtgtgatacattgctgtGtcgggtaagccattacgcta
>ECK120010536 nuoAp1 reverse 2405335                   Strong
tcctgtcaaaatagacccgtattttttccattgcttcacaacggacacgattcaacaacaTctaattatcctggagtcgtc
>ECK120049218 ogtp reverse 1400284                Strong
atccacttatctttttggtggtatggctgctgatgttgctggcgtggtatcttgtcggtcTgccgataggtccgggtattt
>ECK120010573 ompCp2 reverse 2312864                    Strong
cattttgaaacatctatagcgataaatgaaacatcttaaaagttttagtatcatattcgtGttggattattctgcattttt
>ECK120010572 ompCp3 reverse 2312887                    Strong
cttaaaaagttcccttgcatttacattttgaaacatctatagcgataaatgaaacatcttAaaagttttagtatcatattc
>ECK120015406 ompTp reverse 585665                      Strong
atataaacagtggagcaatatgtaattgactcattaagttagatataaaaaatacatattCaatcattaaaacgattgaat
>ECK120022344 ompWp forward 1313991                     Strong
tcatatgtaatgtgatctatgtaggatcatttgttactccaatgtaggtatattcgtcacGtttttataaccataacgacg
>ECK120022342 ompXp2 forward 850419                     Strong
cccgttagacatcacaaatcgcgaagagtttcccattaatttttgatatatttaaaacttAggacttatttgaatcacatt
>ECK120021268 omrAp reverse 2976189                     Strong
ccttcattcctttgcgttttctcgctggcgaagagtcgtcgtgcagaccacaatcaagatCccagaggtattgattggtga
>ECK120021267 omrBp reverse 2976385                     Strong
cgaaacgctgttgcgattgaccgctggtggcgtttggcttcaggttgctaaagtggtgatCccagaggtattgataggtga
>ECK120010695 paaZp            reverse 1453670          Strong
gttaacatttcgttaaaagatcctttgctttttatgattcgcgatttaactattagcaacAgaaatgtgaaacatctggag
>ECK120015404 pagPp forward 656526                      Strong
attattctttatgttgggtctattaaggttatgttaattgtagctttgctatgctagtagTagatttttgataaatgtttt
>ECK120010353 pdxBp reverse 2437884                     Strong
atccttatacctgaaatcttcgcaagtatgcctggccgcgagattatggcacacttgtccGgttaactctcgtctcataca
>ECK120026306 pdxHp reverse 1718034                     Strong
actgtcagttacaaaatccacagcgttgagatttttccaggggcggcgcacaatagcgtcAcccactgacaatccgtaaag
>ECK120010725 pdxJp            reverse 2701813          Strong
agacacactgcgcgccgcgaaacgctttacccgcatggcgcttaagccgtatcttggcggTaaacctttaaagagcaggga
>ECK120034276 pdxKp1 reverse 2537319                    Strong
attagtagtgtaatgaccagacaaatgattttcttcattgaattaccttatccttgttttGtgatagccgatttgactgcc
>ECK120010290 pepDp1 reverse 255809                     Strong
agtccgcgtctttttacgcactgcctctccctgacgcgggataaagtggtattctcaaacAtatctcgcaagcctgtcttg
>ECK120010289 pepDp2 reverse 255776                     Strong
acgcgggataaagtggtattctcaaacatatctcgcaagcctgtcttgtgttgacaacatTttctgctaaccctgtgacct
>ECK120034194 pepNp forward 990591                      Strong
tacctgaaaagatgaagattctgcatagcgcgatttacgcaacaggaatagactgaacacCagactctataaaagatgcta
>ECK120034350 pepQp forward 4031147                     Strong
gcagaaatcacgctctggatgaacgatgtgctaagatgcggagacttaaggtcaaaaaaaCagaagggtaaaaaatggaat
>ECK120020543 pepTp forward 1185823                     Strong
gcaggggtaaaagtgacctgacgcaatatttgtcttttcttgcttcttaataatgttgtcAcaaaaagtgagggtgactac
>ECK120010462 pflBp1 reverse 953579                     Strong
catttacctgcgtgaaaacgaccaccattaatggttgtcgaagtacgcagtaaataaaaaAtccacttaagaaggtaggtg
>ECK120010463 pflBp2 reverse 953641                     Strong
attccggttacgatcggcaacattatcggtggtggtttgttggttgggttgacatactggGtcatttacctgcgtgaaaac
>ECK120010464 pflBp3 reverse 953741                     Strong
aatccgcgacttcgcatccccggaattttggaccgcagtcggttctgcaccggaaaatttTtctcacctgaccgtgatgaa
>ECK120010465 pflBp4 reverse 953851                     Strong
cgcagcctgatggacaaagcgttcattatggtgctgccggtcgcgatgtttgttgccagcGgttttgagcacagtatcgca
>ECK120010466 pflBp5 reverse 953925                      Strong
ttattgaggccgtctgtcttggtatcctggcaaacctgatggtatgtctggcagtatggaTgagttattctggccgcagcc
>ECK120017002 pgaAp reverse 1092523                      Strong
ccgaaatcatgcatcggaatttactgatttaattattttaatcctaatttattttgaaaaAggcattgggatttatgccgt
>ECK125109853 pgkp2             reverse 3072648          Strong
cacgacgttagctatggctactgttgctttcaggtaagacgcaagcagcgtctgcaaaacTtttagaatcaacgagaggat
>ECK120010329 pheMp reverse 1799301                      Strong
tttcgtttcaacgccatcaaaacattgacttttatcgccgtagccttttcaataaaggtcTtttgaagagtaccaaaaggt
>ECK120010624 phoHp2 forward 1084938                     Strong
tttatagttaaatataagtaaatatattgttgcaataaatgcgagatctgttgtacttatTaagtagcagcggaagttccc
>ECK120010745 phoPp2 reverse 1190508                     Strong
gattatccgctttttattttttcactttacctcccctccccgctggtttatttaatgtttAcccccataaccacataatcg
>ECK120010705 phrBp             forward 739421           Strong
agttatcgccgtggcgagcaaccacttcttgcgccgctgatgcgtatcaaacactatatgGcgctttatcctgacgcctgg
>ECK120020544 pitAp             forward 3637612          Strong
atcaaaaaaagtctatatttcactttgcccgcgccgcgaaagtcactgataatgcgccgcGttcatgtcctcaaaatggcg
>ECK120034376 pmbAp forward 4457945                      Strong
gaggctaatgttaccagttaagatgcgcactgaaaaacggttctctgttagacttcagagAaactctctacattatggcac
>ECK120010757 polAp             forward 4046940          Strong
ttttcacgaaaagcggtgaaaaactcatgttttcatcctgtctgtggcatcctttacccaTaatctgataaacaggcacgg
>ECK120033260 potFp2 forward 893634                      Strong
atttgttaaataccgttttttaatccgagctatagtctcaaaccctggctaaagttattcTtgcgatgcttttatatagcg
>ECK120034375 ppap              reverse 4449686          Strong
aggaaaatgaagacgaaaacaagcgaagacattcggcgcgagttggctataatactcggcActtgtttgccacatattttt
>ECK120010435 ppcpreverse 4153190                   Strong
tcgtttgctgaagcgatttcgcagcatttgacgtcaccgcttttacgtggctttataaaaGacgacgaaaagcaaagcccg
>ECK120034344 ppiCp             reverse 3959841          Strong
accagccactccctgactgacaattacgttagcatctgcggatcatgctaaaatcgccgcCtgacaattattcactcaagg
>ECK120034327 prkBp             forward 3484311          Strong
acgctggaaaatttaattgaaagctttgtgttacgtgaaggcaccgattatggtgaacatGagcgtacacttgaacagaaa
>ECK120034409 proCp             reverse 405686           Strong
ggtaatcctctattgtgtcgcgcttttgccttccggcatagttctgtttatgcttctgccAgcgattatcaaaacaatgaa
>ECK120030791 psrDp             forward 1146589          Strong
agatttgcagtttttccagaagagcgcgacgccatggcgaggtggaggctaaaataagttTaggcatatttttttccatca
>ECK120034248 ptrBp             reverse 1928865          Strong
tctaagcaatgactcccctgtttcgcttgcatccccggtgagttttgccacccttataagAtgtttcaaccagaaagaaca
>ECK120009861 ptsGp1 forward 1157766                     Strong
ctgaagttgaaacgtgatagccgtcaaacaaattggcactgaattattttactctgtgtaAtaaataaagggcgcttagat
>ECK120010314 putPp3 forward 1079185                     Strong
aaatagtgtcgctgagcactaaaatttaatgtaaatggtgtgttaaatcgattgtgaataAccagcgcttccggcaggata
>ECK120010316 putPp5 forward 1079291                     Strong
ctgttaccccgttccggtggcagatataacggcaagtttcgacattgccgataataatttTttggagactttagatggcta
>ECK125109858 pykFp3 forward 1755617                     Strong
acattcctctgcacgctttttcgatgtcacctatccttagagcgaggcaccaccactttcGtaataccggattcgctttcc
>ECK120034297 pyrGp reverse 2909713                    Strong
cgaagaggagggataatgaaagtttgtggcacaggtcatgttcgggtatactgctttcccGtcttggttattccatcgtct
>ECK120010373 pyrGp1 reverse 2909797                   Strong
ttaaatgacaagcgcttgatttgcgtcaaaaacatttaccccaaaggggctattttctcaCtcctgatttcaatagtgcgc
>ECK120010448 pyrLp1 reverse 4472745                   Strong
gttagccgttcgctttcacactccgccctataagtcggatgaatggaataaaatgcatatCtgattgcgtgaaagtgaaaa
>ECK120010447 pyrLp2 reverse 4472553                   Strong
gcgctgacaaaatattgcatcaaatgcttgcgccgcttctgacgatgagtataatgccggAcaatttgccgggaggatgta
>ECK125135030 qmcAp reverse 515823                     Strong
tttatccttcgcaggaataagggggaactctctttcagtaatcaggtataatttgtttaaTcaagcagcaattttgctgat
>ECK120034360 qorp reverse 4264304                Strong
gcgttcgcggggttcagcctgctgtttgttgaagggtttatttcctgccatagtgaatggAgttaccgagataaagaatgg
>ECK120010292 queAp forward 424985                     Strong
tattctatccaaaagggggtaaaggttgcagggagagcgccccggcactagactacccgcCtcttattttagtctgagtca
>ECK120034299 queFp forward 2925321                    Strong
tgtgcggtcaaatcgtccactaatttctctcttcacttaaaccagatacacttgtcgtttAgtttatctggtttatgacgg
>ECK120049217 queGp reverse 4394092                    Strong
ctcgcgttctccgcggcggatatcgtcggcgtaccagacggtgtgtggtatacttacgggGtttttcttcattgtatggtc
>ECK125165408 ralAp           forward 1413556          Strong
cccgatgttgattattaataatcagctatgaagttttaatttgaatacaatgcaattctcGaggactgaagtttctcgcaa
>ECK120034340 ravAp           reverse 3931128          Strong
aaataccccccctttgagactattttagccaccagcaagaaacgtctatactcgcaatttAcgcagaacttttgacgaaag
>ECK120010404 recFp1 reverse 3881841                   Strong
gcgacccagttttctatggcgcatcaggacgttcgctattacttaaatggtatgctgtttGaaaccgaaggtgaagaactg
>ECK120010405 recFp2 reverse 3881861                   Strong
cgatgaagcgtctgattgaagcgacccagttttctatggcgcatcaggacgttcgctattActtaaatggtatgctgtttg
>ECK120009995 rfaDp2 forward 3793896                   Strong
atgaaggactagctaaaacccaaactagtttgttgcaattagcatccttgcacctctatgTaaagggctgaagggattcgg
>ECK120010425 rhoLp           forward 3966162          Strong
gttcgggtgccccgtcgctaaaaactggacgcccggcgtgagtcatgctaacttagtgttGacttcgtattaaacatacct
>ECK120034310 ribBp           reverse 3184718          Strong
aaccagaattatgtgaagctatgcgttgctgccgctaatcattagcgttatagtgaatccGcttattctcagggcggggcg
>ECK120034377 ridAp           reverse 4470946          Strong
aatgtggtgctggccaattaattgcggttggtaataaaagtctggctccctataatgagcCagactttttaccgctgtaat
>ECK120015436 rimJp           forward 1125522          Strong
tgcagaaaatggcattttggacttttcacagggtctggttgcgcaggtatagtaatacttAcagcgtattaaagacgttac
>ECK120034432 rimOp reverse 878070                     Strong
cctccgccagcgaatgagattgcgatacaaattttatccagaactctgtagaatccctgcCctgacctttcctgtaactga
>ECK120034298 rlmDp reverse 2915043                    Strong
gccaggatcagaatcatcatgcgtgcgcgcaggctgtagttggtcatggagttccgttatGggacaattaaggtcacactg
>ECK120034330 rlmJp           forward 3645350          Strong
ttcgcggcggcggcctcttttcggtatactgtcctgatacgcttttgtgcgccccgaataCgggccgatttttacttaccg
>ECK120009915 rlmLp           forward 1007672          Strong
caaatgaaaataagccctcaactttatgacatgacgcgcttattagctataatgcgcaacAattttcttagcgcctgtccc
>ECK125145767 rmfpforward 1015657                Strong
tggcgtgaattttgcgcattgacggcagttatgattcgcggtattgcttaactgtgattgCacatttagtaatcactgttt
>ECK120034425 rnap reverse 645034                Strong
aatcatcacgcccgccaggtaagcccacctggcgggcttttttatgatttaatagatagtAttcagtgtatgtatgagttc
>ECK120034202 rnep4          reverse 1144421          Strong
cgataaccgtgaggttggcgacgcgactagacacgaggccatcggttcacacccggaaagGcgttactttgcccgcagctt
>ECK120010288 rnhAp reverse 236041                    Strong
tcgagaacgatctggcgtgtaattgcagtgctcatagcggtcatttatgtcagacttgtcGttttacagttcgattcaatt
>ECK120010739 rnpBp          reverse 3270592          Strong
ggcgattggaatgcgcaacgcggggtgacaagggcgcgcaaaccctctatactgcgcgccGaagctgaccagacagtcgcc
>ECK120015489 robp reverse 4635353               Strong
atactctactaagaaaaaaacactgaatgctaaaacagcaaaaaatgctattatccaattAcctgatgtcaggtgctcgtt
>ECK120010628 rpep reverse 3515153               Strong
gtgagtggtatcagcgcgcaaaattgcatgtcgtcaaagttcgacgcagtataagcagcaAcggcggcacacgtaaaaagg
>ECK120010402 rphp1          reverse 3816580          Strong
ttatagccatcgatgccttgtcaggataggaataaccgccggaagtccgtataatgcgcaGccacatttgtttcaagccgg
>ECK120015378 rpiAp          reverse 3059353          Strong
gagttaaccacgcggcttgccaacggggtctgaatcgctttttttgtatataatgcgtgtGaaatttcataccacaggcga
>ECK120010441 rplJp forward 4179623              Strong
ctgagcgcttctgtaaactaatgcctttacgtgggcggtgattttgtctacaatcttaccCccacgtataatgcttaatgc
>ECK120010440 rplKp          forward 4178354          Strong
cgatcaaaaaagcggcgatttaatcgttgcacaaggcgtgagattggaatacaatttcgcGccttttgtttttatgggcct
>ECK120010330 rplTp          reverse 1799763          Strong
cgcgtgcctgccgtacgcataagccgttaacgtttttaactttttaattagaatatagatAcaggagagcacatatggctc
>ECK120010696 rpmBp reverse 3811995                   Strong
cttgcacataatcacccttcgggttgtgctgaacccagtaaagcggataaactcattactGaacggataataaagagttgt
>ECK120034204 rpmFp forward 1147338                   Strong
acccatttgccgtattagccagcttaaagcgtaagtaattggtgctccccgttggatcggGgataaaccgtaattgaggag
>ECK120010413 rpmHp1 forward 3884111                  Strong
atcgatctaataaagatccaggacgatccttgcgctttacccatcagcccgtataatcctCcacccggcgcgccatgctgg
>ECK120010414 rpmHp2 forward 3884237                  Strong
gaaaagcgcggtaaataaggaaagagaattgactccggagtgtacaattattacaatccgGcctctttaatcacccatggc
>ECK120010412 rpmHp3 forward 3884065                  Strong
cgccgcatattggaaaatttaatgaccatagacaaaaattggcttaatcgatctaataaaGatccaggacgatccttgcgc
>ECK120010442 rpoBp          forward 4181063          Strong
aaggcgccagtagcgtttcacactgtttgactactgctgtgcctttcaatgcttgtttctAtcgacgacttaatatactgc
>ECK120010692 rpoEp1a reverse 2710186                 Strong
gggttactcttcaggcagttaaatgggcatttctacacagataatgcgatgttcagattcTgtagacttataatgatagat
>ECK120034292 rpoSp1 reverse 2867567                  Strong
tgccgcagcgataaatcggcggaaccaggcttttgcttgaatgttccgtcaagggatcacGggtaggagccaccttatgag
>ECK120034293 rpoSp2 reverse 2867607                  Strong
attcgttacaaggggaaatccgtaaacccgctgcgttatttgccgcagcgataaatcggcGgaaccaggcttttgcttgaa
>ECK120034294 rpoSp3 reverse 2867654                  Strong
cgaccatgggtagcaccggaaccagttcaacacgcttgcattttgaaattcgttacaaggGgaaatccgtaaacccgctgc
>ECK120034295 rpoSp4 reverse 2867724                   Strong
agtgcctacgcccataacgacacaatgctggtccgggaacaacaagaagttaaggcggggCaaaaaatagcgaccatgggt
>ECK125135052 rppHp reverse 2968993                    Strong
tgcagagagtggtttaccgtcttcctggagtatgaaacaatcattcgtatataaagctttAttttgaggtagtccggtgat
>ECK120030792 rprAp            forward 1770372         Strong
ttttaaactaatgagacgaatctgatcgacgcaaaaagtccgtatgcctactattagctcAcggttataaatcaacatatt
>ECK120010392 rpsLp            reverse 3474621         Strong
gtgatggcgggatcgttgtatatttcttgacaccttttcggcatcgccctaaaattcggcGtcctcatattgtgtgaggac
>ECK120034322 rpsMp1 reverse 3442495                   Strong
tgtatgtctgtgcgtttccatttgagtatcctgaaaacgggcttttcagcatggaacgtaCatattaaatagtaggagtgc
>ECK120010386 rpsOp            reverse 3311786         Strong
aatacccggcgtaatgttaaccgtcttgcgataacaggtcgctacgagtagaatactgccGcttaacgtcgcgtaaattgt
>ECK120034378 rraBp2 forward 4478445                   Strong
aaagcataaatctttgtcacaaaggtggaggcaatgtcagtggtgtgtgacaataagagtAtcggcaggacattaagagga
>ECK120034427 rsfAp            reverse 669072          Strong
cgaaagccgattcggcgacaattgtcccgaaatcgcctctggttcaggtatactgacagaCcatttttatctatttgattc
>ECK120010070 rsmAp reverse 52588                      Strong
aacgccgacgccgtgctggcgatgtaccacgatcagggtcttcccgtgctaaaataccagGgcttcgggcgcggtgtgaac
>ECK120015399 rstAp            forward 1682138         Strong
tgaaaacttgtttagaaacgattgatagtaagtaaaaacagcgcggtgtattgtgacgttTttatatctaccgtgaatgtt
>ECK120016936 rsxAp            forward 1705755         Strong
cttacagttaacctgttgtcgcctgctctggattaacggataataggcggcttttttattTcaggccgaaaaatgactgac
>ECK120010341 ruvAp1 reverse 1946024                   Strong
tcagttcatcgagacacctcgcaagttttcttcatccttcgctggatatctatccagcatTtttttatcatacagcattat
>ECK120030793 ryeAp            forward 1923066         Strong
taacaagaatgttaaaaaacgctggactcagacagtagagtgtgtgttatggttgactatAaagtcagcgaaggaaatgct
>ECK120010347 sbcBp            forward 2082728         Strong
cactcgctgccaaattgtggcgctaaagctgattagcacggtgatatttgatactctggcAgacagcagaaataacggatt
>ECK120034257 sbmCp1 reverse 2081325                   Strong
cctgacctttcttttgcagcagactggcaggagtgcgagtctgctcgcataatcaacactCattccttgtggttttaattt
>ECK120034258 sbmCp2 reverse 2081303                   Strong
actggcaggagtgcgagtctgctcgcataatcaacactcattccttgtggttttaattttGcaactatactgtatataaaa
>ECK120030784 secEp            forward 4177177         Strong
gttctgagctaattgccgataacatttgacgcaatgcgcactaaaagggcatcatttgatGccctttttgcacgctttcgt
>ECK125108939 selAp            reverse 3761297         Strong
caaaggcttgatgcgcgatatgtcctcctgacccatctcacgttacaatccgtggttatgTtaaacgcccttctccgtgtg
>ECK125108942 selCp            forward 3836198         Strong
aggcggaaaaaactgatctgggggatgtagaaactcaaggaagtagctataatgcgccccGcctccatgtagcaatcgagg
>ECK120033687 selDp1 reverse 1848024                   Strong
ggaattcagacactctcacttatcacttcacggaatgagggttaccatacccggattgcaTtgacaggagatgtccatgag
>ECK125165407 serCp2 forward 957579                    Strong
tttgccctcaacggttttactcattgcgatgtgtgtcactgaatgataaaaccgatagccAcaggaataatgtattacctg
>ECK120034188 serSp            forward 939365          Strong
gatcaaaatagccccataaaacgctaccgttaatgttatcgttgcggtaatgttgttactGtatccctgtggtcgcaggct
>ECK125165400 sfsBp           forward 3334858           Strong
attcacactctttacaggaactttttagagcaataggccatcaggagtatagtgatgctcGacagaagaagtgttctgaat
>ECK120035122 sibCp           forward 3056851           Strong
ggcgatacacccgcatcgccctgattgacatcgttgattctttgacctaatttagtgagtAagggtaagggaggattgctc
>ECK120015400 slyBp1 forward 1719777                    Strong
ataatcatcatgaatgttttgtttataattggttgatcctactttcattatgatttgctcAtatttggtagaacatgtaac
>ECK120015401 slyBp2 forward 1719748                    Strong
gttggtagtaaaacattatcttcaaatcaataatcatcatgaatgttttgtttataattgGttgatcctactttcattatg
>ECK120029526 smfp            reverse 3433686           Strong
tttagcaactttgcgaagccgctcgtccggaatatgtaacacttgcaaaactgacataaaTctccagagatgtgttcagga
>ECK120034200 solAp           reverse 1120609           Strong
caccggtgcctttaccatttctgggttgtatatctgcattcagttaattactctgcttaaAccatgagagcagagagaaaa
>ECK120010582 srlRp           forward 2828860           Strong
cgatcagcagcgcatcgtcgacaccttgtttatgaaaggactgaccgtcttcgcccgaccGcaaaaaattcccgcaattac
>ECK120032975 sroAp           reverse 75608             Strong
gtggtttgcgccaccggatccatgattgctggttgataacaaaatcactacactaacgccGttctcaacggggtgccacgc
>ECK120032983 sroHp           reverse 4190487           Strong
ctgttgagcaatgaaagagatctgattgtaagagagtaaatactcaactatgatagagacGaaaataagaacacatgttct
>ECK120034285 sseAp           forward 2652391           Strong
tattatgcgtgagaatttacgttatgtaattcagtatcacgcccatacaatccgaattttAgtgagaattgtggctcagac
>ECK120034313 sstTp           forward 3239863           Strong
ctctttaaaatccagcatttttcgcttcccgaagctgtaactttccttatactcgaccttGcaaacactttgttacatcct
>ECK120010483 stpAp3 reverse 2798578                    Strong
ctgagagtttcagaaaataacagctgaaataatctcgcgcaggactgtaaatagattaaaTtttgtggaaatataataagt
>ECK120009876 sugEp           forward 4376794           Strong
gttttttctgcgatagtcacaaaggtaatagttgaaattcccctgccacctggcaaaataTccgttcaaccatcagctttg
>ECK120034279 talAp           forward 2578608           Strong
gcttaatccagcaataccatgcctgtctgctatgcttttttgatgcgtttagcgaaatttCtcagaagtgtgaattaacgc
>ECK120034390 talBp           forward 8191              Strong
cctggcgataaccgtcttgtcggcggttgcgctgacgttgcgtcgtgatatcatcagggcAgaccggttacatccccctaa
>ECK120010711 tauAp           forward 385205            Strong
tcatctgtgcgataacgactaattcttttaatgaatgtttttattcctgaatactgctccCataacaagacaggggagcag
>ECK120033675 tcyJp           reverse 2000410           Strong
aagaataagatgtagcggagttgtttttgtgtttacaaacaatggctctacactgcaaacAgacataacaacattcggggt
>ECK125229301 tcyPp           forward 1810882           Strong
tggaataagcaattccatttgaatataagagccagctcacagttctgttaatcttgcgccAacactatgactgctacgcag
>ECK120010189 tdcAp           reverse 3267093           Strong
aagttaatttgtgagtggtcgcacatatcctgttcatttcattttgatacacttcatgccGtcaatgaggtaattaacgta
>ECK120016781 tehAp           forward 1500536           Strong
taaccgtagcaaattctgcggctctggctatgctcgagaaaattccataaaatgcatttcAaatatactttataaattaaa
>ECK120034416 tesBp           reverse 475201            Strong
cccgtaattcagaccattgcacccatcggaccagtagcaaatttgcgttatactcaactcActttggcttgctgcggcagc
>ECK120010627 tgtp forward 426055                  Strong
gaagagaaatatcgcttttttagttacggtgatgcgatgtttatcacgtacaatccgcagGcaattaatgagcgcgtcggg
>ECK125138144 thiIp forward 441468                  Strong
ataacgcgcaatggtaaggtgatgtgcacagcaaagcgatgttagtggtatacttccgcgCctggatgcagccgcaggtgt
>ECK120034264 thiMp             reverse 2185451           Strong
attgtaaaactgccgtttttcctcgtttacaacgcgtgcgctggacattaccatcctcctCtgcgatttatcatcgcaacc
>ECK120016981 thrSp             reverse 1802733           Strong
aatcgaatcaatgtgaaacggaaaggtacaatctccctttttttagtgttaacatcgctcAaccgggtggaaggtgagagg
>ECK120034415 tigp3             forward 455122            Strong
tccgcgaagccaacaacctgtgcttgcggggtaagagttgaccgagcactgtgattttttGaggtaacaagatgcaagttt
>ECK120010980 tisBp             forward 3853337           Strong
agtttgcgttttgtccaaatattactgtttatttatacagtaaacttctataatatcactGtacgcaatgtgttatgcggg
>ECK120034304 tktAp1 reverse 3081707                      Strong
cggcaaaaggatgttccatgtacatgacgcgcggcttgcggtaaattgttggcaaattttCcggcgtagcccaaaacgcgc
>ECK120035113 tolCp1 forward 3178004                      Strong
gtgaatttcagcgacgtttgactgccgtttgagcagtcatgtgttaaattgaggcacattAacgccctatggcacgtaacg
>ECK120034232 tqsAp             forward 1673890           Strong
tacctgagcggtttgattttcgttatgatgacggagcgaaaaagacattattattagcaaAggaagaaaaaacggggacaa
>ECK120034187 trxBp             reverse 932078            Strong
attgttaacaaaatcgtcatactctttttttacgtctgtaaattccctacaatcctgcccAttgtctgccaacaactatgg
>ECK120034328 tsgAp             forward 3492519           Strong
tttagcaaccgattgcaataaaacatttaaacagatcacaaaatcacctaaaatcgcccgCtcgcggcatatcccgctatg
>ECK120010342 tyrPp2 forward 1989502                      Strong
ctgattcaatcatcatatttaacacttcatgaccgtgaatagagtccatcgtccctcctcAaaaaaagcctagcgtagcga
>ECK120026307 tyrSp1 reverse 1717269                      Strong
taatcgctggtactcctgattctggcactttattctatgtctctttcgcatctggcgaaaAgtcgtgtaccggcaaaggtg
>ECK120034236 tyrSp2 reverse 1717283                      Strong
caaaaatcttgctttaatcgctggtactcctgattctggcactttattctatgtctctttCgcatctggcgaaaagtcgtg
>ECK120034277 ucpAp1 reverse 2544664                      Strong
tttcctgaattagtgagctgatccgcagcaatattttgtttatcctgtattttcagagggAatggagtgtaacgctctgta
>ECK120010064 uidAp             reverse 1696152           Strong
gttttttgatcgcggtgtcagttctttttatttccatttctcttccatgggtttctcacaGataactgtgtgcaacacaga
>ECK120010068 ulaGp             reverse 4419675           Strong
ctggcaaaaagtcaaaaaatggtcattgccttcctgaaaaaatagtgtcaggattaatcaAaaccaatcacatattgattc
>ECK120010301 umpHp reverse 700352                        Strong
ctcaacggtattttgctccagcatttgctggaaaattaatgtgcttttatagtggcgcttAttgttgtcaatattctgggt
>ECK120010364 ungp              forward 2716738           Strong
taaaaaatgagcatgattttgttctgtagaaagaagcagttaagctaggcggattgaagaTtcgcaggagagcgagatggc
>ECK120009879 uofp reverse 710829                   Strong
gccaatcaaaataattgctacaaatttgtaacttttgctgttgtacctgtacaatgtcccGgtgttcaagtggccttgccg
>ECK120010069 usgp reverse 2436890                  Strong
atggcccgctcgatcaaccgacgctgaaaaggctggtgcatttggtgtatgatgtgcgccGcgatgacgcaccgctgcgta
>ECK120010525 uspAp2 forward 3639998                      Strong
agcaaggcggattgacggatcatccgggtcgctataaggtaaggatggtcttaacactgaAtctttacggctgggttagcc
>ECK120034220 uspEp             reverse 1398659           Strong
ttgatctggcagaaggttcatcactgtttcattcaccagatatgggttaatcttttaattAcaaactgcgttgacagttgt
>ECK120034222 uspFp            reverse 1435641         Strong
aattaaaaatgtgaactccgtcattacacaaaaagtgtcatctggcgttacactttatgcGgatactaaaacaggaggttt
>ECK120034424 uspGp reverse 641903                     Strong
aaacagttcgtaaggaaaaagaaccagacaaatatcagggataaatattataatcatggcGaatgatttgttcatgattaa
>ECK120010426 uvrDp2 forward 3997971                   Strong
gtatatatacccagctttttggcggagggcgttgcgcttctccgcccaacctatttttacGcggcggtgccaatggacgtt
>ECK125095191 uxaCp1 reverse 3244843                   Strong
ggcgcggcctgcagcgagatttaccactttgagagtaatttttttaactacgtttattgaTctaactcacgaaaatatctt
>ECK120015160 waaQp reverse 3808180                    Strong
cgtcaaagtaagtgcgttatcagtattcaggtagctgttgagcctggggcggtagcgtgcTtttttctgcttaacttaacc
>ECK120010746 xylAp            reverse 3730807         Strong
tcaatagcagtgtgaaataacataattgagcaactgaaagggagtgcccaatattacgacAtcatccatcacccgcggcat
>ECK120010754 xylFp            forward 3731069         Strong
cgtaatcgaaagataaaaatctgtaattgttttcccctgtttagttgctaaaaattggttAcgtttatcgcggtgattgtt
>ECK120010751 xylRp            forward 3734906         Strong
gtgcgattctgttgctggcagtatggatggactccgcaaccaaacgccgttcttgattttGataaaaattttctcaaagcc
>ECK120034395 yacLp            forward 134339          Strong
ttatttctaaaccatcgccgttccgctgtttttctccggtaaggctgcgataattacatcAatggcgcaatgcgatttcgg
>ECK125135026 yaePp            reverse 214187          Strong
gtgcagttgcggcgctgatattgcagaaatgagtgtggtatagtcaccttgcgaaacagaGtttatcttcgtaggcttaga
>ECK125135027 yaeQp forward 214280                     Strong
ttctgcaatatcagcgccgcaactgcacgtattccgttacaatggcctcctgattcgaaaGgagttttcttatggcgctta
>ECK120034401 yafVp            reverse 240216          Strong
atttgttatcaatttattctgcgctaaggcaactgcctgataaggtgttaaagttataaaAcccttcgcataaaggagttg
>ECK120034402 yafZp            reverse 268026          Strong
catccctgttacttccctgcccctgtcgccgatgcgacggggatcccttttatttgttttCccgttatgaggagtctgctt
>ECK120034405 yahOp forward 346432                     Strong
cacaaagtgtcttatttccggttactggcgtttatgccctgactgaactaattattaatcAacccaataatgtgggtgggt
>ECK120034410 yaiEp            forward 408148          Strong
gcggaattactggtgtaattttgcgtgacagccagcgcctctggcccctatagtgaagtaGatgttcaactaccaaacagg
>ECK125135028 yaiZp            forward 399454          Strong
ctgacaggtcatttagattgtcaatatcagaatcatggtaaattgatgttgggaatattcCcgaagcgtgaatcttcgttg
>ECK120010625 yajCp            forward 427205          Strong
tactaccagcgtttgatggcgggtttacgcaaggctattgaagagggtaaattagagagcTtcgtaactgatttttaccag
>ECK120034412 yajQp            forward 444658          Strong
aagggatacgtcctggtgcaggactgtcggttatttaactttgcgggtattatgcttcgcAtcaaaaatgaagggagagga
>ECK120034413 yajRp            reverse 446687          Strong
aaatatttactaaaaaatccgcatgtttaccccattcgtttgccgctttacactagtcgcGaatttaaaacagaggtggta
>ECK120034420 ybaLp            reverse 503295          Strong
ctgcaaaattcaataattattcatgaacatcatcaatgaaattgtcataaactattacctGtaattttggttttcccggcc
>ECK125135029 ybaQp forward 508191                     Strong
aaatggagttggagacttgtttaatgtgtttgtatgattcagtatgttcttgcatcgctaTtcacaaggaagcaacagtta
>ECK120009946 ybaSp            forward 511573          Strong
ggattagacatttatctctttgttttcctgtagttaagttgcgggtgctaagttaaatcaGgatgcctgaaaatcggcacc
>ECK120034421 ybbYp            forward 540359          Strong
gatgccgacttcgtcttcattcagccgaatagcagctatgttcttaccaatgacgatctgGaatatcgccacaaagtcagc
>ECK120034423 ybdBp forward 629292                     Strong
gacctcgccagccatattaccctacaggatattgtggtcgatggcggctcaacgctggggGcataagcatgatctggaaac
>ECK120034428 ybeLp            forward 674993          Strong
ttacagagtttgtgggcgtattagcaaagcaaggaacaaagaacgtctattattatagtcAgttaacgacccgggagatga
>ECK120016933 ybgIp1 forward 742619                    Strong
taattccacaattgacggcaacgtcacgtaatagttgcgcggcgtgcttgtgtttccttaAagttaaaactttgatacaga
>ECK120016934 ybgIp2 forward 742798                    Strong
tcttaatatgtcaaaagattggctatcgacgaactggcgaggtaacgctatgttaacggtGtagctatcagaatacggaag
>ECK120033734 ybhCp reverse 807321                     Strong
aacaactttttgtctttttaccttcccgtttcgctcaagttagtataaaaaagcaggcttCaacggattcatttttctatt
>ECK120034430 ybhQp forward 824601                     Strong
cggcgtcacaaaaaggtgcggtcttacggaattttccgtaaagttcggtactctgagtaaGtagagataaattcttcagga
>ECK125135033 ybiTp            forward 855947          Strong
taagcgaggagcaggatcttctttcagacttatggcataatgcgcggtttgtcatatctcTtttcaggatacgcctgtgtt
>ECK120016183 ybisp            reverse 855786          Strong
acacatctgatttcactgtgagctggaatgaacttataatgcgcttccaatactctaataTtctcaacccaatggcctgcc
>ECK120015405 ybjGp            reverse 883508          Strong
ttacgagtatagctacgctttctttaagttttatttaacctatgcccgttacaatcacccAccgtaaacaggccgcttgag
>ECK120034184 ybjQp            forward 904517          Strong
ctgtagcgcataatgatttccttataagcgatcgctctgaaagcgttctacgataataatGatatcctttcaataatagcg
>ECK120034186 ybjXp            reverse 919103          Strong
ttacgttagtaatcacactattgatgtttggttaagatacgcaatggtgaaatcgacgccAtgtataaccattgatttcat
>ECK120034190 ycbJp            forward 971672          Strong
cacttcagccaattttgggaggagtgtcgtaccgttacgattttcctcaatttttcttttCaacaattgatctcattcagg
>ECK120034192 ycbKp            forward 983023          Strong
cgtcactgctggggttgagtcatcttgacgtctgctttacgggcggttaaggtgcctcttGtgcgccagaagtgcatataa
>ECK125135034 yccFp            reverse 1024365         Strong
cagagaaaacgtgctccagcccaaaaaaacgttacaattgccgcccattactgaaaaccaCagtaaagcgaggttttatgc
>ECK125135021 yccTp            reverse 1027837         Strong
aaccatgcagctaatacgaatgaatgagagcaaaagcgggaaatatgtctatatgttagtAagtatgattaaagaaaaatt
>ECK120009844 yceAp            forward 1116772         Strong
gcaaatgtagcgtaaaatgtgtggatgttaattatcgataattgctatatcatgccgcggAtttttactttcccatctcgc
>ECK120010318 yceDp1 forward 1146649                   Strong
taggcatatttttttccatcagatatagcgtattgatgatagccattttaaactatgcgcTtcgttttgcaggttgatgtt
>ECK120010319 yceDp2 forward 1146791                   Strong
aggcaaccacaggctgcctttttctttgactctatgacgttacaaagttaatatgcgcgcCctatgcaaaaggtaaaatta
>ECK120034209 ycgBp            reverse 1237285         Strong
atcgcaaagaaaaaaattctccggcgacgcggtttttaacaggtgttctatgcttgaaatGaggtgctccacacagagagc
>ECK120034207 ycgLp            forward 1227609         Strong
ttcctgcgttcggtaaaatcacgttgcggcatttttgccggggggattacttataaagggGgcatggactcaacaaaccgt
>ECK120034211 ychJp            reverse 1289177         Strong
gcaagattcccctggaatgcaatcgtagccacatcgctactgctcggttaacatagtgctActcaggcggttaatacgccg
>ECK120034212 yciIp reverse 1310892                Strong
cttaacaaagacatcatctttccgttgcagatcttcgccctttcaaataacgtactttacAactttcccgaacaaggagtt
>ECK120034213 yciVp            forward 1323188          Strong
cgatgattaattgtcaacagctcatttcagaatatttgccagaaccgttatgatgtcggcGcaaaaaacattatccagaac
>ECK120034218 ycjGp            forward 1388874          Strong
ttatctttcctgtttacatatagttaacgtcacacctagtttatgctaactgtcaataacAcagcaaacgctatttgcgct
>ECK120034221 ydaNp forward 1408024                     Strong
catttcagggtaatggggtgatgagatgttgcgtaacagggccagaaggctagactacaaAataatgcgttgatgatggag
>ECK125135039 ydbJp            forward 1441029          Strong
caacgcgcaggacagctctcgacgccgccctctgtgctgcctattatttatggcggtgtcGtttggcttgaagatcagagg
>ECK125135038 ydbKp reverse 1440831                     Strong
cacaaaagcgaaaatgcagaagaaagccatttgctaaaattgaaagattactactgggcgCgcagcaatttcgtgcgcccc
>ECK125135040 ydcIp            reverse 1495134          Strong
catcaatattatccattttgctgtaacataattgctttaattgttaataatattttgcaaTcaagttatcataatcaaaca
>ECK120034224 ydcRp            forward 1509978          Strong
ggtttaattacagttaacgaaaagttgtcatttttaacaactgatatagactgccgaatcAtctgcacataattacgattc
>ECK120034228 ydfGp            forward 1627491          Strong
gagtgcaatcttgcaatccagtattacccgctcttaagcatcccgtgctatgttattgacAcacaaaagcgttgaggaaca
>ECK120034229 ydfHp            forward 1628326          Strong
tttatacccggcgtaactgccgggttattgcttgtcacaaaaaagtggtagactcatgcaGttaactcactcacaagcaag
>ECK125135041 ydfKp            forward 1632723          Strong
aaaactgttatctatgtatacttttaaacccaatccgtgtagagtctctacataagatagTttgcagttgccgcttcagct
>ECK120034233 ydgAp forward 1689794                     Strong
gtttacaacaagctgtaagagcttactgaaaaaattaacatctcttgctaagcttattaaAggcttataacaccttcaggc
>ECK120016935 ydgKp            forward 1705207          Strong
tggcactatgtccaataaagaaagtagcgatcggttataaaagccttataataacgccccTaaaattagatttgcctgttt
>ECK120034240 ydiPp            reverse 1779328          Strong
gctaaacgcggttgtataaccgcaatacacgccgtattttatccggcatatattgtttttGcttgctcatggaatagggag
>ECK120020519 ydiUp            reverse 1791254          Strong
agcgataacccttctgtttgctggtgtttaagacgagagtaaccgtctacactatcaaacAggaggatctatgaccctgtc
>ECK125108940 ydjAp            reverse 1848700          Strong
tcagcaggaattgcggactgtgctgtaacaaaatccactctcgtgttaattttgtgaataAatatcacgacaggagttaat
>ECK120034245 yeaGp2 forward 1866765                    Strong
ccgtgcaggcaagttttccatttgccatctacgcttaattttgaaggtgtatcaccgggcAcgttgttctcatcgtcgata
>ECK120034246 yeaLp            forward 1874323          Strong
tttatgcaaaaaacgtaaagattttctacttccttcctgcagcaagcgtaaagtaagcagGcttattattttttggcaagg
>ECK125135044 yeaPp            forward 1877657          Strong
tttttattacattcactcaaaacatattacgtcttgtttcatctttgttgatgatgttttAtcatgcctgcaaagattaaa
>ECK125165399 yecTp            forward 1961935          Strong
tggacatgccattgttttctcactgttggataagaggccagaagcgtaatatccggccccAgggaaacgataacggttgaa
>ECK120034259 yeeEp            reverse 2085552          Strong
gttctaatttagagaatttggttattggtctgcattccaccagtcatgaataatttcctcAttaacattcatctggttaat
>ECK120034261 yegHp forward 2137863                     Strong
atatgagataaatagtgctgcaacattgcatttttgccccgatttatccatgatcgaattGtgacatttgtcatacaacga
>ECK120034263 yegTp           forward 2178781           Strong
ttagcgcggtcaagttttcaccgcaaaggtatttaaaaggtattattaagtggtattgtcAtcgcgtaccttacattacct
>ECK125135048 yeiPp           forward 2265417           Strong
accagcaaaagtgcgaataccacttgcccgaaaggcccgtcgcgagtactttgtcgcgatAtttttgacattttcgactac
>ECK125135047 yeiWp reverse 2265330                     Strong
ctttcgggcaagtggtattcgcacttttgctggtgcaaaaaaggtggtactgtgcgcgctCatcaatccggtggttaacct
>ECK125165402 yejGp           reverse 2278277           Strong
aggcatcaatctttacgatctgtataaagacggattgttgatgatgtgttaaaattgatgTaaacaaattgtgaagtgaat
>ECK125165403 yejGp2 reverse 2278397                    Strong
gtcacatcattgtagttaaaaaggttgagttagatcgcagaaacgggtacatatagccccGcaaacgtgaccacgcccgca
>ECK120034269 yfaYp            reverse 2363655          Strong
ttctgtcgcgccattcagtttcttactacgccttatctccctttgcgttatagtgattcgAtaacaaaagcaggagataac
>ECK125165945 yfbUp            reverse 2412594          Strong
aaagaaggcatactcagccttcttttttttcaccgtagtagagtgatacaggagtcaacaAtggaaatgaccaacgcgcaa
>ECK120034270 yfcZp            reverse 2460979          Strong
tatccgattttgcagaattaacaactggagcagcactttccggaagcgtaaaatatccacAacgtttatctggcaccttgg
>ECK125158029 yfeCp            forward 2518407          Strong
tttggaaaaccgctcgcattcagtagttattcatgtcacggtttcctgtaaagtggtgttAtaaaatgaactactaataga
>ECK125109860 yfgFp            reverse 2629031          Strong
gggttattttgtttgatatatatcaattggtactttcatatgacacttagaatcaatgctCtctatagtgatgaataatca
>ECK120034281 yfgMp1 reverse 2639433                    Strong
gaccaaccacggcggcggcaactttaagaaacagtttgcccgtgctgataaatggggtgcCcgcgttgctgtggtgctggg
>ECK120034282 yfgMp2 reverse 2639402                    Strong
cagtttgcccgtgctgataaatggggtgcccgcgttgctgtggtgctgggtgagtctgaaGtggctaacggcacagcagta
>ECK120034283 yfgMp3 reverse 2639370                    Strong
cgttgctgtggtgctgggtgagtctgaagtggctaacggcacagcagtagtgaaggatttGcgctctggtgagcaaacggc
>ECK120034284 yfhMp reverse 2652324                     Strong
cggattgtatgggcgtgatactgaattacataacgtaaattctcacgcataataattattCgacgttgctaacgggccatt
>ECK120034288 ygaMp forward 2800121                     Strong
aaaagtccataaagccgcgatgaacctcagttaagaaaattatggtctacactgaaaattAcatcgaattctaatggggga
>ECK120016780 ygbAp reverse 2856828                     Strong
ggctaacccttcttctttggagtcatagtgccctttaagattaagatgtaatataaatacAtcttaatgaggtggaggcag
>ECK120034300 ygeVp            reverse 3005847          Strong
aaaatgataaaaatcttatgtttttatcaaagccaatttcgcctgagttaatatcatcatGatctgtgaaccatcaacgtc
>ECK120034302 ygfZp            forward 3041282          Strong
gcacagatcgcgtagtgaaagcacttgcattgcctcatagctcttttaccattagtcattAatacgccgttaagcaactca
>ECK120015376 yggNp2b reverse 3101640                   Strong
ccggcatggaaaacgcgtactttgttatcaatctggggccagcaaatgctggcctgatttTttcttgagggaagactatga
>ECK120010085 yggXp            forward 3103993          Strong
cgtgtcgtcattcaccggctgcatggatgaaggcaatgcgctctggtataacttagcgcaAccgccgtcagttggcctagc
>ECK120034308 yghBp forward 3153529                     Strong
tcttaaattgttgcgtccgggatcaaggcgtcccggacgattcaggagtacaataggcagAtaaaggcttaaacgctgttc
>ECK120034307 yghUp forward 3138700                     Strong
tggcgcaaagggttaaaaaattcacattctgtacagcaagtgacctgctacactgcttcaAcactaccactcagaaggcaa
>ECK125165397 ygiZp            reverse 3172323          Strong
aaatgacaatactgatagccattcctcataattcttactcgcaccggaataatttacacgTttggttcggtttttttgggg
>ECK120034312 ygjRp            forward 3237282          Strong
cgcagaaataatgcgtatctgcgcacgtcgaagatgaaaaaggcgtgctacattgacgacAgaatccctttatggagtatc
>ECK120034314 yhbTp1 reverse 3301368                    Strong
tagttaaccttgctgcgacaatttttgatttaaggcagttaaagttgtattggtggtagcAgcaatttcatatggaattgt
>ECK120034315 yhbTp2 reverse 3301301                    Strong
tcatatggaattgttgatttataccgctatgttatttttctgatatggcaaaataggatgAttgttgaaacagggagtaaa
>ECK120034316 yhbYp            forward 3327759          Strong
attgcgtaaatttttacgcgcctatttggtgatatatgggagatggcggtagaatgacccGttttcaatcccaacgtaagc
>ECK120034318 yhcBp            forward 3380182          Strong
cataatcagccgcaggcatggagcctgaagccaacaccctacggaaacaaaagacaacggGagatgttcatgacctgggaa
>ECK120034325 yheOp1 reverse 3476506                    Strong
ttacaggccggatataattagtgctggaaagcggaacctccgctgtattaatttagttacCcgcatcattaatgagcctgc
>ECK120034326 yheOp2 reverse 3476541                    Strong
aagaaccgccgcctgaccaggcggcggtttttttattacaggccggatataattagtgctGgaaagcggaacctccgctgt
>ECK120034332 yiaFp            reverse 3719097          Strong
taccaggaagattacgtagaaagggtatcctgcaagcctgtcctggactatccttgtcacGtcagacacgcgtgtgtcgtt
>ECK120034334 yibFp            reverse 3761975          Strong
gtaacaaaccatcaacattttctgccctttttcccatcaccaggccatactgatatttttCctcgcacaaaggactcggca
>ECK120035101 yicCp            forward 3816645          Strong
cattatacggacttccggcggttattcctatcctgacaaggcatcgatggctataatcctTccacctctccttttataaac
>ECK120034337 yicHp            forward 3830431          Strong
tctcacctctttaaccattcccgccttgaggattgcgcgtaaatcgtgcataactcccttAtgtgcatttcacgggatgga
>ECK120010081 yicRp            reverse 3812577          Strong
gctttccaggattgaaaactggccgtcgatttaacgaaacggctatgacaggatgcgagcAccacaaaggaggtgaaggtg
>ECK125165393 yidLp            forward 3860253          Strong
agattcttaaaatacaaacgtcgtatccctgaacggattgttttctgttaagttcaggttGtgagcataattcgccggagg
>ECK120034346 yigIp reverse 4004724                Strong
ccgttagttatcccttcctaaagtagaaaccaacaacaaagaagcataaaatcaacatttCattaaccaatgaagtgtaag
>ECK120034352 yihDp            forward 4042049          Strong
atcagattcaccgatatcgcctcttttattgtgggattgaccctgctaacgtgtctgtctCaagagtaaggagcatcacta
>ECK120034353 yihXp            forward 4075548          Strong
gccacatagccaaacccatcctttcccgctacagttaatttcttgtggcgcgaaaggaggCaaaaatgctctatatctttg
>ECK120034358 yjbBp            forward 4227602          Strong
aacagggcgctcaatgagtgccctgtctctttattaatatgaaacacttatactggaaacAggctggaataatcttagccg
>ECK120034364 yjbQp            forward 4270214          Strong
cgaatgctgtttttttaatcacacctttatcctttcgctgtcttgctgcaaactgattaaGagagttttatcaaggagcag
>ECK125135058 yjcBp            reverse 4275164          Strong
aaaagtcacggcctaatatggctaacaaacaatcaattgtgatatagttcacaaaattaaTgaaacaaacagagtgtttca
>ECK125135059 yjcDp            forward 4278321          Strong
agaaaaaagcagcaaacttcggttgaaaaagccgctatgatcgccggataatcgtttgctTtttttaccacccgttttgta
>ECK120034365 yjdCp            reverse 4363330          Strong
ggatgctgaaaccttcagcgcacatttgcgcgatcgccaaccgtgaacgacacttgcagtGggaaagacggaggaaaatag
>ECK120034369 yjeIpforward 4372761                 Strong
cccccgggcagaaatgtctgggggtttttcttttggtcatctttctagtataagattcagAcacggacgacgcgagtggcg
>ECK120026308 yjjBp            reverse 4602177          Strong
tttccgttgattaatgccgtcgccgatatgtttaaaggccacatcaataccggactggcaCgctgggcgatcgccagtctg
>ECK120034381 yjjPpreverse 4603034                 Strong
tctattatcctgattcgtaaaggccaaacaataaattcattatgatgataatattcatgtGatagtttgtttgcggcgaga
>ECK125165396 ykiAp            forward 408574           Strong
tagcccataataatatttcctttgctgcgattttttcaatttccgatatattcataatttAtcaaggttgatataaatatc
>ECK120034417 ylaCp            reverse 479288           Strong
tatgcaaaattgtggtagatctgttacttcccctctactattcccacgttaaaatagggtGttccctggaaagttgcagat
>ECK120034219 ynaIp            reverse 1395973          Strong
ttgctacttccttccctgactattgatgatctgaatgaattgtcgcggtaaaatagccccGccaggggtttccggcatgac
>ECK125165395 ynbAp forward 1477597                     Strong
atttttaatgaaacggcgtgttgcgatatctccgtcaggggaattgatgcaccatagcgcAaaccgaattatcaaggattg
>ECK120034225 yncEp            forward 1523227          Strong
gtagtcgtaacggcaagaaatgctccacatttgagaaaataatgattaccattcccatttAtaacaagagcgtaacgatga
>ECK120034226 yncGp forward 1526228                     Strong
acgaaaaaatgacaaatccttttgctggttaacctgtgtactgtcctacacttaatctttAaaagattgtgaggggcatat
>ECK120034231 ynfBp            forward 1655709          Strong
aaaatagtaacgttgttttaatcatctttgtctcttattgacatcatgtatagttataggGcgacataatatcatcaatat
>ECK125135042 ynfMp forward 1669672                     Strong
agattattaatatattagacagaacaattcgattttcctaccctatgtataagcctgatcTacaggcatatttagcaagga
>ECK120034241 yniBp            reverse 1809263          Strong
gcgcctatcatatcgcctttaaagaatgggcgaaaacagatatctacaggtaaactaagtGaaacgacgcgtcttaatcaa
>ECK120034242 yniCp            forward 1809326          Strong
ttagtttacctgtagatatctgttttcgcccattctttaaaggcgatatgataggcgcttAatcataagcacggcttaata
>ECK120034243 ynjEp            forward 1839440          Strong
aattacaacaaactgcgataacgcaaagtttttctcaatgcgtcagttcagaatggcgcaCtcaaaactacaatgtcggga
>ECK125135043 ynjFp            reverse 1841432          Strong
cataaattacacacgggcagataagcgaaaaatgccataatatccgcactgttgctcaatCagaaaggctttatatttaag
>ECK125165394 ynjIpreverse 1844900                 Strong
aatatccagcggatcaagaaaattcgttggatattttttttgcatggataaaattatcgcCtctaaagtatgtaataacag
>ECK120034247 yobFp2 reverse 1907617                    Strong
gatcgagacatgtttaaaaatggcttgccataattaacgttgtatgtgataacagatttcGggttaaacgaggtacagttc
>ECK125135046 yohJp            forward 2230509          Strong
caaagagggattgctgcaaactgcaatccctctctatgcttgatgtatgcctgagttcgcTgcgcattgcgtaatgccggg
>ECK125135050 ypfMp reverse 2590970                     Strong
tatctcgaaatgttgctgtgtatcacatacaaatcatcaccgcaggaccatagtatttacAtaagatttgtcccccggagg
>ECK125145771 ypjBp            reverse 2784818          Strong
catcagagacgtatcgcggtgctcttgaaactttacaaaaaatgatgtctgaatgtatatAtcaagaaggcaacgcctttg
>ECK120035128 yqaEp            reverse 2797085          Strong
gcagcgtaaatgagagtaaaagcgtaagctgaaactggcaggctccgctaaaattactacGcttaagagataaaatctctt
>ECK125165398 yqhGp forward 3157545                     Strong
taccggacttttcagaaatcatttattcccctcgcgtcccgcccgttgttactcttccttGttcaggaatgccaaatataa
>ECK120022065 yqjIpforward 3216753               Strong
cacgtttaaaaatcatttttacacttgcaagaacgctcatatcagatataaattagatatAtctaattaagcaaaaggagg
>ECK125135054 yraRp           reverse 3298897         Strong
tgcattggatgaggcgaatttcccacaatcggggataattacctcatggtctattaagccTggtgcatgagccgtggagcg
>ECK120015397 yrbLp           forward 3348421         Strong
ccttaagaaaaccttaagaggcattgtttaggttttgtttaagttaatcgaccatactggAgatcgtcagaaaatatttcc
>ECK120034373 ytfBp           reverse 4428819         Strong
tgggtaaaactttgtcgcgggaatgatgacaaatcccagggaaaaagaaacaatagcaatAtcccgtatgaatataataaa
>ECK120016779 ytfEp           reverse 4432009         Strong
aagcctctgctacgtaagggttatagcttttgccttaaagatgcatttaaaatacatcttAtcttattaagaatgaggtat
>ECK120010452 ytjBp           reverse 4624799         Strong
taacgcatgaggctaccttgtatccattgcttctggcaacattaagtctcaaattttcaaAgggtggaagatggctcgcac
>ECK120010446 yzfAp2 reverse 4448294                  Strong
tgcgttaatagatatggaaagcggctcggagagaaaagcaaaaggtgagggaattacaaaAcagaatgcgagtcgtctcgc
>ECK125135053 zupTp           forward 3182433         Strong
cctaaaaacaatgctggcatacgtgttgaagacatgatgatatccttaactaaaggtgtcAttttgatatcctcacaatac
The benchmark data 𝐒𝐒𝐰𝐰𝐰𝐰𝐰𝐰𝐰𝐰
                     +
                              containing 1791 weak core promoters.
>ECK125137714 aaeBp3 reverse 3388263 Sigma24 Weak
caaccagcaagagaacatctggcctgcgggcaccactgctacagtggtggtcactggcaaAcaagatcgcgacgaaagcca
>ECK125137420 acpSp2 reverse 2701137 Sigma24 Weak
ccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaagttaacgccggacacggtctgacctatcAcaacgtgaaagccattgccg
>ECK125137421 acpSp3 reverse 2701162 Sigma24 Weak
caagagctggcgcgtatcgccaaagccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaagttAacgccggacacggtctgacc
>ECK125137463 alaEp1 forward 2799070 Sigma24 Weak
tattttatctacaaaaactgactaaataaaaatttttcactaattgattagtcatagccaGcgatatacgctatgcgaaaa
>ECK125137369 alaXp2 reverse 2518279 Sigma24 Weak
atttgcctgatttttcagcgattgaaactacacgttgcaatttgccgttgacacattcggGcggaattcatatgatgccgc
>ECK125136365 ampDp5 forward 118681 Sigma24 Weak
cagggttatagcggcgaggcggcatgttaaaactccagatagctaacgaatcataaggtaGaaacatgctactctgaaccg
>ECK125136491 ampGp5 reverse 453627 Sigma24 Weak
aatatcgccgatgcggttaacagtgtgctgaccgataccatcgctgatatgtctcaggacAccagcatccacgaattcatc
>ECK125136359 apaHp4 reverse 51293 Sigma24 Weak
gtgcaatcattgaaaccccgctgggcaccatgcagggtcactacgaaatgatcgatgaaaAtggcgtccctttcagcatcg
>ECK125137294 apbEp1 reverse 2311594 Sigma24 Weak
cagttctaatctcgattgatatcgaacaaagggcctgcgggcccttttttcattgttttcAgcgtacaaactcagtttttt
>ECK125136669 aqpZp2 reverse 916212 Sigma24 Weak
cctaaaggattaaatcttttgcgtgcactacactgtcaatcagacaaatgactatatgggGcaacccgctgttgccctaaa
>ECK125137992 arpAp1 reverse 4222629 Sigma24 Weak
acttttattaactcagcattatttttaaacatcaaaccacttaattattaacaaaatcgcAagatctcattccaccgaaac
>ECK125137076 astEp3 reverse 1827069 Sigma24 Weak
ccgggcggtgaatccggcggtgatgatgaacgatacgctgtttaatgcgctcaatgactgGgtggatcgttactaccgcga
>ECK125136915 azoRp1 reverse 1482873 Sigma24 Weak
tgtggcaggattgtgaataaagtgtcaacaagcaacggggcatcgcccattcaaacatctAtaaggaaacaccatgagcaa
>ECK125136916 azoRp6 reverse 1482927 Sigma24 Weak
tctatgcgttgttcaataaattcgaacataggcttcgatttattgcgctatctctgtggcAggattgtgaataaagtgtca
>ECK125137842 bisCp4 reverse 3716415 Sigma24 Weak
aagattattcctgggaatactcggaaatttgtaagtaatatttaactgctcaatacatctAacctttcaggagtcttcggt
>ECK125137288 ccmHp1 reverse 2292621 Sigma24 Weak
cgcagggcatccgcgtggtcggcatgaactataaagacgatcgccagaaggcaatcagctGgctgaaagagctgggcaatc
>ECK125137074 chbGp4 reverse 1817242 Sigma24 Weak
gagaatttaacgatgtgttactggcgctaaaccttagtccgttggtgcattccgatcgcgAtgctgagctgctggcacgcg
>ECK125136563 citTp4          reverse 646632 Sigma24 Weak
atctcagtccaggcggcagtgctgacctactgatccttacctggtttttagcacagatttAattatttaagcacttgataa
>ECK125137207 cldp9           reverse 2098310 Sigma24 Weak
tcctatagcattcacgaggattatcgctaaactatgcggacttggaaatttccgtcagttAgggtaatgatgagagtagaa
>ECK125136579 cobCp7 reverse 669944 Sigma24 Weak
acggtgaatcatgtgaggatttattgccggaaccggtactgacttacattaaccaacaagGcttgtatcgctgatacctgt
>ECK125137971 cpxAp1 reverse 4105101 Sigma24 Weak
gcatctgggtcaggtggtttcccgtgaacatttaagccaggaagtgttgggcaaacgcctGacgcctttcgaccgcgctat
>ECK125136566 crcBp4 reverse 658008 Sigma24 Weak
acagatgtaacagcaaactgtcctgcggcaaccagcattgccacctcctgtcagagtcgtAaaattcgccaacgacgatta
>ECK125136734 csgGp1 reverse 1101755 Sigma24 Weak
gccaaccgcgatggtcaattgcagttgaacgtgacagatcgtaaaaccggacaaacctcgAccatccaggtttcgggttta
>ECK125137460 csiRp3 forward 2795471 Sigma24 Weak
aaaattctgcgagcagaaggaagcgaaattcgcttgcgaatgtggctttatccgtggctcAcctggctagtcatcggcttt
>ECK125136998 cspFp8 forward 1641846 Sigma24 Weak
tcaaaaaactatagctttcttcaggaacgtgtgtatagtgcgccaagttatcagtattaaGgaatttttttgtcccgtaaa
>ECK125136716 cspHp13 reverse 1051373 Sigma24 Weak
cggcaaacagggctttaatacagaaactacttagtgttcaggagagagactcaaaagaagGggataatgcctgataatgag
>ECK125136717 cspHp14 reverse 1051304 Sigma24 Weak
cctgataatgagaactgctttagtaaactactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaaccgacGcagctattaacgcatgataa
>ECK125136920 cybBp5 forward 1490761 Sigma24 Weak
caactttactcatggttttctcctgtcaggaacgttcggatgaaaattgatcctttccaaGcttagaccaggatggcggga
>ECK125136674 cydCp5 reverse 929400 Sigma24 Weak
aaatccctgttcgctattactgttggatgaacccgctgccagccttgatgctcacagtgaAcagcgcgtaatggaggcgct
>ECK125137379 cysZp1 forward 2531383 Sigma24 Weak
attaactttcacagcacaaagatagatgaaatcgtgctttttgctgttttttcgaacataTcctaactgtccattgcgcaa
>ECK125136574 dacAp2 reverse 663967 Sigma24 Weak
cggtagtgcatttgctatagtagggcacttttttaattccatcacggatgtcgtagttcaGaccatgaataccattttttc
>ECK125136884 dbpAp2 forward 1409338 Sigma24 Weak
taagagtccacccaatgaccagagggaaatatgacgacacttatttatttgcaaattcctGtccctgaaccgattcctggc
>ECK125137803 dcrBp1 forward 3609767 Sigma24 Weak
ggcgtagcccggatgcctttatggctgaacactggatggaaatcgcgctggtcgattactGtttcaaagtgttaatcagta
>ECK125137804 dcrBp2 forward 3609780 Sigma24 Weak
tgcctttatggctgaacactggatggaaatcgcgctggtcgattactgtttcaaagtgttAatcagtatcgttttcttcct
>ECK125137684 deaDp1 reverse 3307909 Sigma24 Weak
ttaatacacctactttgagccggttcacacttttcaatgaaaattgctgatcaatttcatGatgagttatgtagactggcc
>ECK125136388 dxrp1           forward 193471 Sigma24 Weak
agaactgatgcagttctgatttcttgaacgacaaaaacgccgctcagtagatccttgcggAtcggctggcggcgttttgct
>ECK125136391 dxrp5           forward 193411 Sigma24 Weak
acagaaactgactgatgctgcaatcaagaaaattgaagcggcgctggcagacaaagaagcAgaactgatgcagttctgatt
>ECK125137315 elaAp4 reverse 2381686 Sigma24 Weak
gctgatgctgggtgccttcaccgcagtcaaacaaccaaagtccgctctgggtcggatgttGcaggttaagcaatattgccg
>ECK125136693 elfAp6 forward 997765 Sigma24 Weak
tcgttcagttaatatttaaatattcatgaaatctataaattaaagatttgtcacttattgGatttagtatgcttgatttaa
>ECK125136696 elfDp1 forward 998321 Sigma24 Weak
gccatcacgccagacacagaaaccgggaacattttgttgcaggatggagatcagacgttgActtttaaagttgattatatc
>ECK125137358 emrYp1 reverse 2482334 Sigma24 Weak
gtttctcttgatccaaaagaactcatggaacaccccttgcgtattggtttatcgatgacaGcaactattgatacgaagaac
>ECK125137730 envRp11 reverse 3413487 Sigma24 Weak
ataaatacacattaggtgatagattaaccttcgctattttctcactctgtgtcgaatataTttatttcctgaataattaat
>ECK125137732 envRp13 reverse 3413601 Sigma24 Weak
gcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatatatattgatgtagtgaatgtatcttaggtaaAtaatatatattatttattta
>ECK125136709 etkp1           reverse 1044303 Sigma24 Weak
caatgctgtttgggcaatggctggaacagaaagagatcccggatccctatcgtaaaagtcAggacgcatttgaacatgtct
>ECK125136494 fadMp1 forward 464360 Sigma24 Weak
accctgtaattaatttgcatagtggcaattttttgccagactgaagaggtcataccagttAtgacctctgtacttataaca
>ECK125136532 fimZp3 reverse 564607 Sigma24 Weak
tcaatggcttttgatctggttgctgaacaagtgaacgaccgcgtctgattttctgatttaTttcgctatagcggcaaacaa
>ECK125136749 flgNp1 reverse 1129914 Sigma24 Weak
aacccggcagcagtgatatcaatcttgaacgtgtcgaagcgttaaaactggcgattcgtaAcggtgaactaaaaatggaca
>ECK125138032 frdDp1 reverse 4379473 Sigma24 Weak
tctgctgcacaccaaaacctggtttgaactggcaccgaaagcggccaatatcattgtaaaAgacgaaaaaatgggaccaga
>ECK125138033 frdDp2 reverse 4379433 Sigma24 Weak
gcggccaatatcattgtaaaagacgaaaaaatgggaccagagccaattatcaaaagtctcTgggcggtaactgtggttgcc
>ECK125136387 frrp6           forward 192849 Sigma24 Weak
gtttaatcagggctatacttagcacacttccactgtgtgtgactgtctggtctgactgagAcaagttttcaaggattcgta
>ECK125137687 ftsHp1 reverse 3327102 Sigma24 Weak
gcgaaggtttcgatgagtatctaagggaaattcgctccctgtttacgaaggtcaaagttcGtaagccggactcttctcgtg
>ECK125137594 ftsPp1 reverse 3162851 Sigma24 Weak
ctgcacaacggtctggtgattgtcgaaatgctgccgccaattgacgtcagtcagtatggcAaagatcaggttcgtgagctg
>ECK125137792 ftsXp3 reverse 3602252 Sigma24 Weak
gttggcattgcccgcgcggtggtgaacaagcccgcggtactgctggcggacgaaccgactGgtaacctggacgacgcgctg
>ECK125136969 gadCp1 reverse 1570584 Sigma24 Weak
taacgtttaacggtaacggtgtcccgaaacgaacccgtttcgggacaatttccaaagtctGttcactggcattagcaacgg
>ECK125136970 gadCp5 reverse 1570527 Sigma24 Weak
tctgttcactggcattagcaacggaaaatattgttctgaatacgcttcagaacaaaacagGtgcggttccgacaggaatac
>ECK125136711 gfcAp1 reverse 1049834 Sigma24 Weak
ccgttacgcaccaccccgtcagtagctgaacaggagggacagctgatagaaacagaagccActggagaacctcaaaaacac
>ECK125137779 glgXp3 reverse 3571419 Sigma24 Weak
ggcgtgaaatcctcaataccgattccatgcactatcacggcagtaatgcaggcaatggcgGcacggtacacagcgatgaga
>ECK125137618 glnEp1 reverse 3199698 Sigma24 Weak
acgctattgcgaccgggcaacgcatcgaaattgaacatttccgtaatgaggcaaacaatcAggaaccgttctggttgcaca
>ECK125138010 gltPp1 forward 4294378 Sigma24 Weak
aagctctgttgttaaagggttgcgcaacataccgcgcaaatgatactgatcataagcgttAaaaaaatctacaaaccaacg
>ECK125138012 gltPp8 forward 4294268 Sigma24 Weak
aatcactaatcagtattattgcagattaaacaaataaaaatctttccataacaaatggttAttcattaatcctgccataaa
>ECK125136380 gluQp1 reverse 160143 Sigma24 Weak
gtgcatcgactgcaaaacgctggctgaaattcgcgaaaaacagatggctggctaattacaGccgttccatcacgtttacca
>ECK125137586 gprp1           forward 3147781 Sigma24 Weak
ttggcggttaaacgcggcatcgttgcactcctcagttggtgtttttttaagcaaagcataAgcacgtatttttgcccagtt
>ECK125137873 gpsAp8 reverse 3783681 Sigma24 Weak
ccggttaacttcgatgcgctgttcatgaactatttgcagcagcaggctggcgaaggtactGaagaacatcaggatgcctga
>ECK125137488 gudDp1 reverse 2919513 Sigma24 Weak
cctgatgcgcccggtctgggcgtggaactggactgggaacaggtacaaaaggcacatgagGcctataaacgtctgcctggc
>ECK125137414 hcaTp1 reverse 2667863 Sigma24 Weak
gctcgaatattcttatttttcaacttgcaccaacattcgattaaccccagactaacgcctCctgacgggagggactcatgg
>ECK125136666 hcrp3           reverse 912200 Sigma24 Weak
ttcctgacaccagacctgctggcggtgctgaacgagaaattcggcctgcgttctatcaccActgttgaagaagacatgaag
>ECK125137633 higAp8 reverse 3234341 Sigma24 Weak
cataaaacggagttggtggctctggggaacacgattgctaagggatatttcaaaaaacctGagtcattaaaagcagtattc
>ECK125137848 hokAp6 reverse 3720810 Sigma24 Weak
tcagcactaacgcctttaggtttgggaattaaacctttttctccatgtttttcatagaggGcaacccatgtcctgacctgg
>ECK120035105 hokEp forward 607731 Sigma24 Weak
gaagggtaagataacggcgggtgcctgaagctttccggtttcaggtttactctgaggtctGgaaagatgaagccccaggag
>ECK125138102 hsdSp1 reverse 4581502 Sigma24 Weak
cgctgtctgaactggatgcgctgatgcgtgaactgggggcgagcgatgaggccgatttgcAgcgtcagttgctggaagaag
>ECK125137532 hyuAp1 forward 3009919 Sigma24 Weak
ggcccgggtaaagaacctgaagcgcatgcacctaacgaaaaaacctggaaatctcacctgGtgacctgtgccgcgatgtac
>ECK125137533 hyuAp6 forward 3009830 Sigma24 Weak
ttggcaaagcgccggttgttgataagtggaccttctcaactaacggcgtatctatcatggGccgtcacggcattccggtga
>ECK125137477 iapp6          forward 2876544 Sigma24 Weak
gatttcgggcgtttaggaagatttgaaattgttttagcgcagcggcagtttcatactatgGcggtaaaaaaatttgcatgg
>ECK125122036 ibaGp2 reverse 3336886 Sigma24 Weak
tatggcgttaaccgcctgtccggcaaacctgcctgcaagtcgagccttgtctgatttatcAgcgaggctttttgcttattt
>ECK125136474 insFp4 reverse 392660 Sigma24 Weak
aacgtgaactggagatgtctaccgagattgcacgtctcaaacgccagctggcagaacgggAtgaagagctggctatcctcc
>ECK125136595 insHp3 reverse 689205 Sigma24 Weak
acaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttatacaaggcaaaccctgAaacagcatcagtacaaccta
>ECK125137849 insJp4 forward 3720594 Sigma24 Weak
tccaggtgaaaaataaaagcgtgaaacaaatcactattaaagaaagtaatctatatttctGcggcattcccagcctcctgt
>ECK120015517 insKp          forward 3721065 Sigma24 Weak
aagctggtttacgcgcgctcaagattggcaccaaaagaaacattgcaatatcagttgatcCagaaaaagcggcatcagcat
>ECK125136533 intDp6 reverse 566101 Sigma24 Weak
catcgaaaaaatggacgaggcactggctgaaattggttttgtatttggggagcaatggcgAtgacgcatcctcacgataat
>ECK125136886 intRp4 reverse 1413260 Sigma24 Weak
tctcctttaggtaagccagacagcaaacgagggattatctggtacaactatccaaagataAatcagtttatcaaagactca
>ECK125137383 intZp3 forward 2558693 Sigma24 Weak
tccttaaactgatatacattgccgaacaatgtggtctttagtttcataagtcgttccctcAggaagaatcgatgattggca
>ECK125137410 iscAp6 reverse 2659962 Sigma24 Weak
aacaccgatattgctgaagaacttgaactgccgccggtgaaaattcactgttctattctgGcagaagacgcgatcaaagcc
>ECK125137400 ispGp1 reverse 2641880 Sigma24 Weak
ccgcagtacagatccagtatcaagggaaacctgtcgatctgagtcgttttatcagaactaAccaggttgcgcgtctgaccc
>ECK125137401 ispGp4 reverse 2641950 Sigma24 Weak
atgcagcgtaaagacggtaatttgaacttaaccggccaggcaccgtacaaactgaaaattGgtgcgccagccgcagtacag
>ECK125137118 kdgRp1 reverse 1910253 Sigma24 Weak
tggggcaatggcaggccgtcggcctgaacttttggcataggaattttatatctttggtgaAtaatcaacaggggtatgatt
>ECK125137119 kdgRp8 reverse 1910125 Sigma24 Weak
caaaagatggattgcgaccaccctggtgcgaaattataataaaaaacagttctgatttttAtaaaacactcgcaatgaggt
>ECK125136818 ldcAp9 reverse 1243197 Sigma24 Weak
cggcgggttcgtatagtcatgctttgatgaacaacccgctaataacacaatcaaaaaggcAaaccatctcaatttcacttc
>ECK125137422 lepBp1 reverse 2705464 Sigma24 Weak
cgcacatcattgcgcgatccaccgtgaaacagctgcgtaaaaacgtactggctaaatgttAtggcggcgatatcagccgta
>ECK125136363 leuDp4 reverse 79594 Sigma24 Weak
tgcctggctgctcaatgtgtctggcgatgaacaacgaccgtctgaatccgggcgaacgttGtgcctccaccagcaaccgta
>ECK125138110 lgoRp4 reverse 4595947 Sigma24 Weak
aacattcatcgtagacatgattcggctctccactttttgttgccttagatatcaatgaaaAtgaaaaatggcagcggaacg
>ECK125136572 lipBp2 reverse 662401 Sigma24 Weak
ctatcaacgccactcatatcgagcaggttgaaacactgtatgaagaactgggcaaaatcgAtattgtccgcatggttctgt
>ECK125136781 litp1 forward 1198516 Sigma24 Weak
gaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgacagagtgtccAgtgggcacggatggtgtctt
>ECK125136598 lntp4            reverse 690984 Sigma24 Weak
tgggcatcttccggcgcgtggcgaaactatcgacatcgacggttaccagttcaaagtggcGatggccgacagtcggcgtat
>ECK125136408 lpcAp1 forward 243468 Sigma24 Weak
gctcacattgttgctgtttttatccgcacttcaggtcaaaaagtcctggtcatagcacctGcccgtacttctcgcttttgg
>ECK125136438 matAp1 reverse 311393 Sigma24 Weak
gaaaataattaaacttaatctcgtttaacctttattgatatgtactacgtatcttatttaCttccggtttactaaggaaac
>ECK125136439 matAp5 reverse 311446 Sigma24 Weak
ccgttcacatattgacactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagcccaatcgaaaataAttaaacttaatctcgtttaa
>ECK125137487 mazGp4 reverse 2910860 Sigma24 Weak
tatccgttcgaagttgttttatccggtcaggaacgtgatggcgtagcgttagctgatcagGtaaaaagtatcgcctggcgg
>ECK125136801 mcrAp10 forward 1210195 Sigma24 Weak
gctggacgattaattgcagcaggaactcctcgccagaaggtggcgattatctatgatgttGgtgtgtcaactttgtataag
>ECK125136798 mcrAp7 forward 1210139 Sigma24 Weak
cacagggacgaattggtggacgtcgtcccaaacttacaccagaacaatgggcacaagctgGacgattaattgcagcaggaa
>ECK125137606 mdaBp1 forward 3172423 Sigma24 Weak
tggctatcagtattgtcattttcagaaaatatttatcctgcatcggtgagtcagagtaagAtcagacttttgctaaattcg
>ECK125137040 mdtKp10 forward 1743269 Sigma24 Weak
gttttgcggtgccctgtacaatccccgtaaacatacttacaactcctgaaatcagttaagAcattctgttcagcacaatag
>ECK125138017 mdtPp6 reverse 4301236 Sigma24 Weak
tggaactcggcgcaggcgctggataacgcactacagccggacagagcaggtcagtttgccGacgccctggagaaatacgct
>ECK125137261 mglCp6 reverse 2237959 Sigma24 Weak
aaccagaaatattaatgctcgatgaaccgacgcgcggtattgatgtcggggcgaagtttgAaatttatcagttaattgccg
>ECK125137262 mglCp9 reverse 2237923 Sigma24 Weak
gtattgatgtcggggcgaagtttgaaatttatcagttaattgccgaactggcgaagaaagGcaaggggattattattatct
>ECK125136810 minEp3 reverse 1224711 Sigma24 Weak
agatgtgctggagatcctgcgcatcaaactcgtcggcgtgatcccagaggatcaatcagtAttgcgcgcctctaaccaggg
>ECK125136417 mmuPp1 forward 275119 Sigma24 Weak
gcgaaggtaagttgatgactcatgatgaaccctgttctatggctccagatgacaaacatgAtctcatatcagggacttgtt
>ECK125136418 mmuPp2 forward 275315 Sigma24 Weak
attctgttaacaaacgcggtataacaaaccttctttggatgtttagatgtccatacgtttAgaaggttatatgcaaacaac
>ECK125136879 mppAp5 forward 1393054 Sigma24 Weak
gattatgataccgaaaacgggtttgaacgtgcgaagcccgaacgtagtgttcggagttctAtgtgctttaccgcattttgg
>ECK125137291 mqop1 reverse 2306924 Sigma24 Weak
ccggacggcataatattacgacgctgacctggcggactgctgccgtcaggtcaatatgctAaaaatcccttcatttctaat
>ECK125137244 mrpp2 reverse 2194175 Sigma24 Weak
agtacttctctatattcttcaggtaaactatcagctgatggtttatctatacaaaaaaggAgtcgggatgaacgaacaatc
>ECK125137188 mtfAp1 forward 2043618 Sigma24 Weak
gttcagatggttgccatgatgccaggaaatttggcattttaacagtccctgtccgtgcaaTtttgttcaagtgacgagttt
>ECK125137500 mutHp5 forward 2969582 Sigma24 Weak
gttgcagtgttgcgcaactcgattaccggcaacctaaaaagcaatataaatcagagaattGaacaacgcatgtggaaaaag
>ECK125138090 nanSp1 reverse 4537703 Sigma24 Weak
aataatagtctattgattattggcggtgaaactgcaggcggcaaagcggtgacggattcaGttttgatcactgtgaaggat
>ECK125136957 nhoAp2 forward 1533963 Sigma24 Weak
gtaacgaaattaacgggattggcgatttgcgaacgtgatgcatgtccgcgatcgcacaaaAtagccggtgcggcgtctatt
>ECK125137061 nlpCp3 reverse 1792827 Sigma24 Weak
aaatctggcgcaggcctatgggatgaattttcgccgtctggatatcgaaggtcacagaatGctgatttcgaccatctgatt
>ECK125137758 nudEp1 reverse 3526186 Sigma24 Weak
attaagttacataaatgtaaataacatgcaattcacattgccgaaagcgtgtccgatatcGcacaataaccgctgatttca
>ECK125137080 nudGp3 forward 1841438 Sigma24 Weak
cggggatgaagatggcggtctagcacaggcactccttaaatataaagcctttctgattgaGcaacagtgcggatattatgg
>ECK125136930 opgDp4 forward 1496645 Sigma24 Weak
accaggaagcggaagaacgcagtaaacgtcgctgtggtttgctttaaaatctgaccatccGcctttgcaaaaatttgcctg
>ECK125137359 oxcp10 reverse 2492130 Sigma24 Weak
tgttgttgaagtggaacaaccgttgcgtggaaaatatctgaccgttggttgtccaatgaaAttctctgcctttacgccgga
>ECK125137360 oxcp11 reverse 2492144 Sigma24 Weak
cgccaaagtggcagtgttgttgaagtggaacaaccgttgcgtggaaaatatctgaccgttGgttgtccaatgaaattctct
>ECK125136755 pabCp1 forward 1153293 Sigma24 Weak
cttttattccgacttgttccgtagtgaacatgctgccacactaacaattctctgataaggAgccggtatgttcttaattaa
>ECK125136756 pabCp5 forward 1153194 Sigma24 Weak
tcggcttcggtggcactaatggttctttgatctttaaaaagatctaagttgtcattttccAcccttataaaaggtccgctt
>ECK125136373 panCp2 reverse 148920 Sigma24 Weak
actgacgggcagatcctcgtgatgcacgacgcctttggtattaccggcggtcacattcctAaattcgctaaaaatttcctc
>ECK125137790 panZp1 forward 3597828 Sigma24 Weak
gtgcctttgtcagcataaaataacggcacaaagggcggaataattcactatcattcagggGattatgctggacatttttca
>ECK125136944 patDp3 forward 1515415 Sigma24 Weak
tgccttgtcgttcgatgaaatcatcgttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaacgttAccgttgtggttgctcaatca
>ECK125136945 patDp4 forward 1515440 Sigma24 Weak
gttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaacgttaccgttgtggttgctcaatcagcttGggcgaccgcgtgatgtaccg
>ECK125136860 pgpBp5 forward 1339193 Sigma24 Weak
tggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaattctccagataatgctggttctgtattgGcttattttgccataacgaga
>ECK125136776 phoQp5 reverse 1189940 Sigma24 Weak
ctgaccgcgttcgaatacactattatggaaacgttgatacgcaataatggcaaagtggtcAgcaaagattcgttaatgctc
>ECK125136991 pinQp1 forward 1633584 Sigma24 Weak
attttcgaacgtgtacatacaaatatgcacaaaaataatcataattattttctgagatgcAttatgatatgaacaccaatt
>ECK125137623 plsYp5 forward 3204533 Sigma24 Weak
acggttatcccacgccatttcgatatcgaacactaacttctgttcgatggtctgttcccaGtcgtaaacaccaatagtggt
>ECK125136600 potEp1 reverse 718344 Sigma24 Weak
aagggatcaacctgctgccaggttttgcaccggagctgcagggtgtctatatcgaagaacAtgatggtcgtaagcaagttt
>ECK125137567 pppAp3 reverse 3114479 Sigma24 Weak
cggataaggcgctcgcgccgcatccggcatgaaataaggcgcaccgggttaacacatttgCccgatgcgcctgcttatcgg
>ECK125137057 ppsRp1 forward 1787339 Sigma24 Weak
ttccacataaaccatcggtataaacgaaaccataaaaatgaaatgctgttttcataaaaaAtaaaattgaaggttcatttt
>ECK125136956 pptAp7 forward 1532858 Sigma24 Weak
atgcagcagaattattttcagggatacggcacattgctattaatattttgacgaatgataAggtattcaaggcagggttaa
>ECK125137271 psuGp4 reverse 2258557 Sigma24 Weak
acggcgtttattacagcgatatcagcggtgaaagtggctggtctgcgccgatcaaaaccaAtgttattaatgttaccggag
>ECK125137270 psuTp2 reverse 2257496 Sigma24 Weak
cattcctgctggcgcgcgttgctgaactgaccggcggtgacagcctgaaatccaacatccAgctggtgttcaacaacgcca
>ECK125136887 racCp4 reverse 1417811 Sigma24 Weak
tgccgaaaaagaccagatggcacatgaactttaattaattgactattcgaaactgaatttAtgccagaaatggcaggtatt
>ECK125137239 rcnBp            forward 2186884 Sigma24 Weak
ggatgcttttagggcatcctttcatttacactttttacgaaatcatgggatcactaacaaAatatcgcttgtcagttatat
>ECK125137295 rcsCp4 reverse 2320081 Sigma24 Weak
ataaccaatagtaagcgttgggacaatgaccatcaggattgccatcaggatcatttgattGcgtaagcggcgtggataaat
>ECK125137929 recQp1 forward 4005858 Sigma24 Weak
cattgcagtttctcgcgcaggcgctgaaaatagcgcctgtttttatttcaggcaatcgggGtgaatgtggcgcaggcggaa
>ECK125136999 remp1 reverse 1644972 Sigma24 Weak
tttgtttttattttcaacgcgtttgaagttctggacggtgccggaatagaatcaaaaataCttaagtagcgcgcagggata
>ECK125137813 rhsBp12 forward 3619097 Sigma24 Weak
acacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaaccttctcttttgtaacgttctaaatatAttcctaaaaatcttcaattc
>ECK125137808 rhsBp3 forward 3619074 Sigma24 Weak
acgatcaacaaagggccactagcacacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaaccttCtcttttgtaacgttctaaat
>ECK125137810 rhsBp9 forward 3619044 Sigma24 Weak
gattgagtctattattgggtcctttggtgaacgatcaacaaagggccactagcacacctgAttcctctctaaataccctat
>ECK125136594 rihAp3 reverse 684602 Sigma24 Weak
tgcccgtaaagtggcgaatcgggtgatctttatggacgagggtaaaattgtcgaagactcGccgaaagacgctttcttcga
>ECK125136641 rlmFp1 forward 842192 Sigma24 Weak
attgacagagatgtgcttattttttgaacgatatatttttacaaaataagacaaatcaatGacatgcataatgctgatttt
>ECK125137634 rlmGp4 reverse 3235892 Sigma24 Weak
cacgaaaaagagaaaaagggtatactcacgcacccttttcaggggcaatgtcgaaattttAtcattcaggagggccgatga
>ECK125136361 rluAp1 reverse 60450 Sigma24 Weak
tctcgtctggaagctctgcgtgcagtgaacccgaacattcgtgacgacgaactgaccgccAttgagagcaaccgtcagcag
>ECK125137995 rluFp1 forward 4230309 Sigma24 Weak
gagcaggtaacgaattcaagccaatggaaataacaaatagttcgctcatgactattttttAtcaacccaaaggtacggtat
>ECK125137440 rplSp1 reverse 2744642 Sigma24 Weak
tgggccgtacctggcttagaagacctgaacttctggaaaacctggctctgactgaagagcAagcaaggttgctggcggagt
>ECK125137794 rsmDp1 forward 3604352 Sigma24 Weak
tgtacatagcagctaaaaaaatgatgaaatagtctatcacttaacttaattcacatcaccGcctgcaagtatgtgttatct
>ECK125137554 rsmEp1 forward 3091018 Sigma24 Weak
taccgactgggagtgcgagcgcgatgaacgcatcgcgaaggtgcagggcaatcataacccGtatgtgcaacgcgcttgcca
>ECK125137775 rtcAp1 reverse 3556880 Sigma24 Weak
taaagatattgatgcggtgatggcggcacaaagcgatctggtggaagttatctataccctGcgtcaggtggtgtgcgtaaa
>ECK125137776 rtcAp2 reverse 3557002 Sigma24 Weak
gggcgggtaatgagccgaactaaagcgaaaaaactgttcagcgtggaagatcaaattcgtGccaccgcgcatgtggaatgc
>ECK125136724 rutGp2 reverse 1070045 Sigma24 Weak
ctttttggcggcaaaacgcccatggaacaccgctttgccgccgcccgctggcagacggggGtgaccggatgcccgcaactg
>ECK125136979 sadp5           reverse 1614799 Sigma24 Weak
gttatgctgccagcttcggcaaccgcgttgaacatctccagttgggtcagatccatagcaTtctcgattcgtgaataagtg
>ECK125136869 sapFp5 reverse 1352657 Sigma24 Weak
atgcattgtgacgccacgtttgacgggggcgaaaaatcatctctatgcctgtcatttcccGctgaacatggagaaagagtg
>ECK125136484 sbcCp2 reverse 415847 Sigma24 Weak
tagccagccaacagcgtgaaaccctcagcgaactcagcgtcgaagaggtgttcaatcgccGtctggcactggaagaactgg
>ECK125137892 setCp14 forward 3836744 Sigma24 Weak
agattaatttgttcatttaatatatcaaatcaacttgttttatttttactatcaaaaataGctcattgccttactataatt
>ECK125136883 smrAp1 forward 1405936 Sigma24 Weak
atcggcaatatttggaacttattactggaaatttgggtaatacgttgttggaccgacccgGtctggttatcatatcgcgct
>ECK125138052 tamAp1 forward 4442270 Sigma24 Weak
taaggttgtaacaagaggcgtatttgcacacaataaccaccgtgaataggtctaaagtaaAacataagaaatatttggggt
>ECK125137663 tdcRp8 forward 3267254 Sigma24 Weak
ttaaatatcaacaagttaaagtataaaaatcagcataaaccctgatttttgtcaaaaaaaAtgacggggataaccatattt
>ECK125136837 tdkp1           forward 1293516 Sigma24 Weak
gagctgaaaaactgacgaattatgataaactccagccaactttatttcatatcattgaggGcctgtggctgatggcacagc
>ECK125136794 tfaEp1 reverse 1209266 Sigma24 Weak
tgcaacgattaatttctattttgatgaaatatgggtaaatagtggcactgacattatcaaAagaggaaacacaaacgatgc
>ECK125136795 tfaEp6 reverse 1209189 Sigma24 Weak
atgccggattaccagccccggattatggaacctttaaaacatataaacaatcagtggatgGtttaggtgccgcagcctcag
>ECK125137238 thiDp3 reverse 2184673 Sigma24 Weak
atccgttaatgaccaaagtggtaggaactggctgtgcattatcggcggttgtcgctgcctGctgtgcgttaccaggcgata
>ECK125137499 thyAp2 reverse 2965348 Sigma24 Weak
gtttattatcctcaacctgtatattcgtaaaccacgcccaatgggagctgtctcaggtttGttcctgattggttacggcgc
>ECK125136721 torTp1 forward 1056220 Sigma24 Weak
gggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaaggttgagtcgcaaagcgGaatgcatctagcataaagcc
>ECK125137789 ugpQp1 reverse 3588300 Sigma24 Weak
gtaaaatgactctcggcattcgcccggaacatattgcgctaagctcgcaggcagaaggcgGcgtaccgatggtgatggaca
>ECK125138039 ulaRp5 reverse 4418562 Sigma24 Weak
cgcgcggtttcgatgattgcttcactattgaaccggatctgccgttcaagtcattcctgtAatctgtcgtttataccgggt
>ECK125137882 waaUp9 reverse 3799398 Sigma24 Weak
tcttacgatgtaattccatttattaaacttcaagacatcagtgcagaagaatcaaaagatAtgacaagaaaaaaaatgcaa
>ECK125137213 wbbKp4 reverse 2104606 Sigma24 Weak
ggttgggtgagaatgtgacggttttgcctggaacaattattggtaatggagtcgtagtcgGcgccaattctgttgttagag
>ECK125137222 wcaMp1 reverse 2115934 Sigma24 Weak
cgtcaaacgcgcgcgcgaaaaagttgaacacgattttaaccagcaggtgatcaatcgagaActcgccagcttgctgcaggc
>ECK125137888 xanPp5 forward 3828821 Sigma24 Weak
ttcctgggtcaaattctcagctgttaatgaacaaatggcatggattttaagcagaaaaatAccaaaagttatataaaaaag
>ECK125137997 xylEp1 reverse 4242270 Sigma24 Weak
ataattgccttaactgcctgacaattccaacatcaatgcactgataaaagatcagaatggTctaaggcaggtctgaatgaa
>ECK125136345 yaaAp3 reverse 6587                  Sigma24 Weak
ccagtgattatctacgccagcgtaaactcggcgtgcgcccggtgtttgatccattgcgttAtccggatatcggtcgccagc
>ECK125136366 yacHp3 reverse 131307 Sigma24 Weak
aatcccaagattagtcaaaatttaaactaccgcctctttatactcggattcacagcacctGcgggtggcagttcgccgacc
>ECK125136368 yadEp3 forward 144965 Sigma24 Weak
cagagtttcgcgagcgtattgtcgaactgggtgcgccggaggtgagtagtctttggcaccAacaacaaaaaaatccgcctt
>ECK125136377 yadNp1 reverse 156984 Sigma24 Weak
tctaaagtgcacaataggcgacctaatgaacaatggttgtaaatttgggtaacaaatatcAttgctcattaatatctaaca
>ECK125136385 yadSp7 reverse 177757 Sigma24 Weak
ggcggaccggaccaaattcctaaaatcaaacaatactggggtgaacagctcaaaattcccGttattcctctcacgagtgac
>ECK125136397 yaeFp1 reverse 217135 Sigma24 Weak
tattccgcacactattgtgctgggcgaccgtaacctcgacaacgacgatatcgaatataaAtatcgtcgcaacggcgagaa
>ECK125136395 yaeQp3 forward 214088 Sigma24 Weak
actttcaaaacgcagcccagcgcgtccggaacgtatcctaagtctccgctggcgatttccGcgtaccgcttgcgtattaac
>ECK125136462 yahMp5 forward 345336 Sigma24 Weak
atcttacgcatcgcactcaagcctgacagaaaatatgctgtaaggctcatatcaaaaaccGccattagctcatcaggaaga
>ECK125136482 yaiIp7          forward 405698 Sigma24 Weak
tttccattgcctcactcctgccgtgaaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcatAaacagaactatgccggaagg
>ECK125136467 yaiOp6 reverse 380850 Sigma24 Weak
tgtagaacgtaatttacctaccggaacttattcactccgacaagaacttatccgtacaggAgattaaaatgataaaacgga
>ECK125136468 yaiPp5 reverse 383985 Sigma24 Weak
atatgcgtcatgatcgcctgcgtgcagttgcacaatttcgcggacaacaggtcaatagcgAtctgggtgaaggctttgtaa
>ECK125136471 yaiSp13 reverse 384738 Sigma24 Weak
acacttaacatatgaattgcatagaaacattacccagtcgaacccacgggtctgaaagccCttgcttttcagttattagca
>ECK125136487 yajIp6          reverse 433034 Sigma24 Weak
acactgccgacggcggcgtacggatgaaccctcgcccacgagacgagagtcaattaccttAgtgtccacggcgaaacagaa
>ECK125136501 ybaNp1 forward 490718 Sigma24 Weak
tcgtcgagacaagcctgtagtgttgtcgcacgagtctgaaaaagatgcctgtcgaaacgaGcacttagcgtggcgaactgt
>ECK125136512 ybaPp6 reverse 508284 Sigma24 Weak
cactgacgctattacgatgaacatgcagcaactctgctaactcattgattttcaaatcgaGcggttccagatattcataga
>ECK125136545 ybcHp4 reverse 588070 Sigma24 Weak
gctggaatatctggaccggcgagacgcactacgacgcctggccgcacaaagtcagtctcgGcgtcgagtatcaacatacct
>ECK125136543 ybcWp4 forward 579805 Sigma24 Weak
gcggtcctgctggcattctggagggaaatacaaccgacagatgtatgtaaggccaacgtgCtcaaaccttcatacagaaag
>ECK125136555 ybdDp2 forward 631991 Sigma24 Weak
gaaacgccgtatgaaccaatgccggaaaatgtcgaggagatcgtggcgcaggcaaaaggcGcacactaaagtcagagtgag
>ECK125136546 ybdFp5 reverse 606053 Sigma24 Weak
actggggctggcgctggcacaaaaactggtgaccatgttccatctgatggatcttagtcaGctttacactttattgttttg
>ECK125136556 ybdHp6 reverse 633517 Sigma24 Weak
tacctgacgaagttgcgtgttgaaggcactataacacgatgctagtatttggcaatcaagAcgtttagatgtctaaataaa
>ECK125136551 ybdKp3 reverse 607561 Sigma24 Weak
tcactcctcatttaatcaactgaagctgaacccgtttttttctgcatgactcaatcgtcaAaattcttcgccaccagtcag
>ECK125136559 ybdMp2 reverse 635555 Sigma24 Weak
aaaacagctgagcattaccgcaataaaatcgccatttatttgcactggtatcagaaaaaaGgcatcgaggttccacaaacc
>ECK125136580 ybeQp1 reverse 676706 Sigma24 Weak
cgtatttccatcggagtggaaagtgcaaacaatattttttgcgactccatgtccatataaTttatccttaaatattcatta
>ECK125136588 ybeRp7 forward 676560 Sigma24 Weak
aatctcatctattgataaattatcgcagcaacttgacgtgaaaatcattatcatttccttAtggttgcagataaaacatat
>ECK125136602 ybfAp7 forward 729037 Sigma24 Weak
ttaattacaggatgaatgtaaataaaccatcaataagcaaaaataagtggtcggatgagtAgtaaaattacacaaaaggcg
>ECK125136599 ybfFp1 reverse 712846 Sigma24 Weak
ctggcttgcagaaaaactcggaataaaccttatttgttgcagccctgtggcacaatggtcAacataataccctaacccgac
>ECK125136610 ybgDp9 reverse 752958 Sigma24 Weak
ttaaaaacttcatggtagtcgcatttataaccctatgaaaatgacgtctatctataccccCctatattttattcatcatac
>ECK125136609 ybgOp4 reverse 749182 Sigma24 Weak
gtcagccagcagggcaaccaactgacactgaaaaatcctaccgcgtattatctgaccattGcctatctggggagaaatgaa
>ECK125136619 ybgSp1 reverse 785339 Sigma24 Weak
cttaaaccaatgccttatattcacctgcaaatgcactgttggaagaggttatccgacataAcgaccataacaggagcatcc
>ECK125136620 ybgSp2 reverse 785459 Sigma24 Weak
agcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcgcgaaaaacgagatctctcctacaatttctaactgtaActcctttgtttgttaattat
>ECK125136631 ybhHp8 forward 800552 Sigma24 Weak
attgagtaatttagcggcattgttaaacgaactggactctgccagtatgacaaatgccttCatacttgataattcatgctt
>ECK125136651 ybiUp5 reverse 859100 Sigma24 Weak
catcacatcaaatcattaaacttgcattaacttatttataacttatattgtcacatgcaaAtcagaatggtttcgaatgaa
>ECK125136663 ybjOp4 forward 897852 Sigma24 Weak
ggggtgaatccggaaatcaacgccctggcaacattgatcctcggcgcggtcggaattgtcGgatttatcgcctggtatctg
>ECK125136675 ycaDp1 forward 945719 Sigma24 Weak
aaatttttcgactgaacgaagcgtatgaaatttgtgttagttcaataaaaacaatcagatGagactaatcatctcttcagc
>ECK125136685 ycaLp1 forward 960132 Sigma24 Weak
gcgcggattagccaggcagcctgaatgaacaacgggcaataaatagccaaatctttctttAtcaaaacgtcggcacattgt
>ECK125136708 yccXp7 forward 1029994 Sigma24 Weak
ttcgcgccctttggctaacactaaacgtacactcataatttacttttctgtcgatgcaaaGaaatgggcgtcattgtccgg
>ECK125136729 ycdUp1 forward 1095693 Sigma24 Weak
aattatcaaagaaaatctctcattacacttaactcatacggtgaaatggactgaatctctCgatacatttctgaatatgcc
>ECK125136730 ycdUp9 forward 1095633 Sigma24 Weak
cgcttcgccagagcatcaggttctgatgaacgtaacagcaaaaagcgaggtcgctccgtcAattatcaaagaaaatctctc
>ECK125136754 yceFp9 reverse 1146749 Sigma24 Weak
attttaccttttgcatagggcgcgcatattaactttgtaacgtcatagagtcaaagaaaaAggcagcctgtggttgccttt
>ECK125136746 yceHp2 forward 1126081 Sigma24 Weak
gatttactggcgcgactgggttttgaaaaagaaggctatgcgaaagactatctgttgattGatggacaatggcgcgatcac
>ECK125136748 yceMp4 forward 1126604 Sigma24 Weak
atggcggaagtggagtcgacgctggaacaactggcaaatcgcgaagatggtccttttgtgGtgcgtctggcccgcgaaccg
>ECK125136741 yceOp1 reverse 1119511 Sigma24 Weak
gttttaaatttgcgtcagttttaggggaaatagctgccgattttgcgcaagacaaaaaaaGcgattttgatttgacgccat
>ECK125136742 yceOp7 reverse 1119632 Sigma24 Weak
atcggttgctgcctgtacggcgctgcctgcacctatgataattcgcctgacgaagattttAttatcgataccctacccggc
>ECK125136766 ycfTp11 reverse 1175329 Sigma24 Weak
ataagcgaaagcaagatgggtaaacgtctgaactgtaagtgatcgtcagggctaatctgaAaagcccccgtaaatcaatcg
>ECK125136822 ycgYp1 forward 1245083 Sigma24 Weak
gctttcacatcagaacgtatactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatatagcActtcgatatccgataaagtc
>ECK125136823 ycgYp6 forward 1245101 Sigma24 Weak
atactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatatagcacttcgatatccgataaaGtcggttcccggtaacaacaa
>ECK125136832 ychNp4 reverse 1273655 Sigma24 Weak
gtcgtattttctcgcgctttcaggaaaatccttaaaaatgtgaccgattggtcagacgctGcagaagcagtaagatagaag
>ECK125136844 yciBp3 reverse 1313055 Sigma24 Weak
ttgggcgaatatgcgtctggtggcacccgcagtactgagctggttgctggcaaaaacactGttgctgctttttgcctcttc
>ECK125136846 yciEp6 reverse 1315238 Sigma24 Weak
taaataagaaagccgaaaataaagcctgaaatatgaattttaacttttagtcattttataAagaggacattttcatgaatc
>ECK125136854 yciNp9 reverse 1330757 Sigma24 Weak
gtcacactgtacctgataaaatccgatacgcaactttattagcatgcaaaatccaaagttGccagtaaggcgctcttgcca
>ECK125136865 yciTp1 reverse 1344544 Sigma24 Weak
tgaatttgatgcccagcgcgttgccgaacgtattgatattgtgttagatatccttgtggcAggcgattaccactctgcgat
>ECK125136841 yciUp5 reverse 1307352 Sigma24 Weak
ggcgaactaagtctggttggcacagttaaccttgatatgcgtagtctgtggctaaatttcGagattaccctggcaatcgac
>ECK125136866 yciWp4 reverse 1350236 Sigma24 Weak
cggcggtttcagcattgctgcaatgaacgaactcgaactgaaataatcgttctgttggtaAagatgggcggcgttctgccg
>ECK125136867 ycjDp4 reverse 1351866 Sigma24 Weak
gatgtgctggcatcgccgctgcatgaactcaccaaacggctgattgccggtcattttggcGaggcattgacggcggatgcg
>ECK125136872 ycjMp4 forward 1370003 Sigma24 Weak
tacccacgttgagaacgccggtggcctgaaagacatcgcaatgccgaaggtcaaaggttaAaagaattcaccatgagcggc
>ECK125136910 ydbJp1 forward 1440856 Sigma24 Weak
acattgcgcaaatgaggggcgcacgaaattgctgcgcgcccagtagtaatctttcaatttTagcaaatggctttcttctgc
>ECK125136923 ydcAp6 forward 1491647 Sigma24 Weak
acccgatctttgatctcatcaacggtatcaaaataaaccagcgtataacgttcaaatcgaAcataagattcgataaaccat
>ECK125136934 ydcKp8 reverse 1500640 Sigma24 Weak
ccatcccctaaccagtggctgacctgccaaacctggctggcatagcgccaggcaaatcccAtccctatcgtccccaacaca
>ECK125136939 ydcLp7 forward 1502323 Sigma24 Weak
gtcgaagtttttagcagcttaacttactgaaatttaagtactgatgattgacttagccccTttttcggcattgactatgtc
>ECK125136947 ydcXp1 forward 1517221 Sigma24 Weak
ttatcagtactacagttctactggaaacattcatttttgccaccttttatcattgcccctAtgtgtatagtacgggttaag
>ECK125136951 ydcZp1 reverse 1518375 Sigma24 Weak
gtcaccgcgcaaatgccgcaggtaggcactaaatttggtcgttggctggatctgacatttAtgcagttgcaactcgacgag
>ECK125136972 yddBp6 reverse 1577666 Sigma24 Weak
tatggttacacatcaacccggtgtctggaacctggccgatgatatttgtgacattagcgcGgttttataaaaacaataaaa
>ECK125136959 yddJp1 reverse 1544866 Sigma24 Weak
attaaacgctgctaacaaccagttgaaatatataaatcttgatttcctgacttatcttccAtctatcaaaagtttaagact
>ECK125136962 yddJp8 reverse 1544758 Sigma24 Weak
tactaataatacatccgatattggaactttattccccataataaaacagagcaaaacttaAattttttaaatgtttctggg
>ECK125136986 ydeIp1 reverse 1624516 Sigma24 Weak
tggcaatattcttatttggcaattataaaaatagcaaccagacttaataagtcaaaccaaAcgcaattaaggagttagtat
>ECK125136975 ydeRp1 reverse 1588298 Sigma24 Weak
atccgggactggtgagggcttcggcaacctttacccttgaatttcaataatcagagtcagAtatgaaaagacttcacaaga
>ECK125136990 ydfKp5 forward 1632985 Sigma24 Weak
catattcagcatttttagtcatgccctaataaaattagggattggcatatccaataacccAgacaaaaccgatgtataagt
>ECK125137034 ydhBp2 reverse 1739809 Sigma24 Weak
gtagggagtgaaattagtgttgtgaaacggtaatatttgatgactggtttcaaaaattttGcaggcagactatgtggtcag
>ECK125137035 ydhCp1 forward 1739855 Sigma24 Weak
acatagtctgcctgcaaaatttttgaaaccagtcatcaaatattaccgtttcacaacactAatttcactccctacactttg
>ECK125137031 ydhFp1 reverse 1725648 Sigma24 Weak
cgaaccggagcaaccatcactcttttgaacctaatcttgcgtatactcctctcatatctgAtaagaggaagcgattatggt
>ECK125137041 ydhSp3 forward 1747068 Sigma24 Weak
gaatttaatcaagggcggttagcgcccttttcatccctgtctgaaatttctcaaattctaAaaatctcaaccaaacttatc
>ECK125137042 ydhSp5 forward 1747113 Sigma24 Weak
atttctcaaattctaaaaatctcaaccaaacttatctgataacactaaattcgaaagaatGcgtacaggtaagtaacaatg
>ECK125137043 ydhSp6 forward 1747082 Sigma24 Weak
gcggttagcgcccttttcatccctgtctgaaatttctcaaattctaaaaatctcaaccaaActtatctgataacactaaat
>ECK125137044 ydhTp1 reverse 1749569 Sigma24 Weak
ttgcaccacggggcgtacgccacacgaaacctttaaaagcatggtcgatggctatcaccgGcactaacgaatgatcattac
>ECK125137046 ydhZp6 reverse 1755209 Sigma24 Weak
aatatatcatcgctcaattgctacagttaaaataatttatcgcgttatttgtctgattttGtttgatttttgtttaattgg
>ECK125137054 ydiMp1 forward 1770930 Sigma24 Weak
gcatttcaacgagtctaccctgatggcaattttattgactggaagatctatcaatcggtaGctgctgaattatatgcacac
>ECK120035108 ydiVp           reverse 1792087 Sigma24 Weak
aaaggacccctgaaaaagtggttaacatggaacaaatgaaagttactccttctgtaattgTtatgtcttatggcctcatcc
>ECK125137064 ydiYp6 reverse 1806217 Sigma24 Weak
tttgcagataaatatatataaataaaaatctgttttcgccacatgcttattcaaaaaatgAaataagaatacattgctaag
>ECK125137085 ydjEp5 reverse 1853983 Sigma24 Weak
tgataaagatgcggcaagtgaatttgccgcaattgctacctttttagcaaatccgaggcaCctaatggaacaatatgatca
>ECK125137087 ydjFp1 reverse 1854924 Sigma24 Weak
aacacgattcacctctgtttctgtgaaaactgtgatgaaaatctgtgattcaaacaggttAttttgaaagtaaacatcggt
>ECK125137077 ydjXp1 forward 1833308 Sigma24 Weak
ctggctcaaactgggtcaggagaattaaccttgagaaaaatcaacaaactgtcagtaatgAtttgttgcctgccgtccttt
>ECK125137092 yeaIp6 forward 1870243 Sigma24 Weak
tttatccggtgttccgtgaactgtttcataaacaaaatgcaacagctaaaggctaaaactAtcagccaggtcattatcgcc
>ECK125137094 yeaMp1 reverse 1875648 Sigma24 Weak
cctgtttttgccgcttaatgaagttgaacaggtcatatgcttctcattgttacaaacgagGctgtaccttaccgtttttat
>ECK125137096 yeaNp4 forward 1875463 Sigma24 Weak
agcattttccaccgtacaggtaattgcaccatgtagcgccagtatcagctgtcctttgcgGtgctgatgtacaggactggt
>ECK125137099 yeaOp4 forward 1876777 Sigma24 Weak
gcctgtgggccgccgctgatgggtaaaatacacgatgctaacggtaactggtctgtaccaCttatgggtgttgccatactt
>ECK125137102 yeaQp1 reverse 1879390 Sigma24 Weak
gtacgttcttatgacacggaaaacgaacatgatgtttgtggttggtaattatcactgatcGttgatggcgcaatttctgcg
>ECK125137141 yebAp1 reverse 1941683 Sigma24 Weak
ctggggacgaatatcaaactgggtaaaacaagctattcagaattcctgagtcaattagccAaccagtatgcgagctgcctg
>ECK125137142 yebAp5 reverse 1941833 Sigma24 Weak
attcaacctggcgcgcagcgtttacatgaaataagaacacagttggttgagcaaaaagcaAcctgcgtttttgctgagcca
>ECK125137143 yebAp6 reverse 1941721 Sigma24 Weak
cacgagggacatccgttcgtatgggaacgttggatcccctggggacgaatatcaaactggGtaaaacaagctattcagaat
>ECK125137126 yebVp1 forward 1921745 Sigma24 Weak
ttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactaggctgaaaaatggtgcgatcggactggtcGtaccacaatcggcagctaaa
>ECK125137130 yebWp3 forward 1921957 Sigma24 Weak
caactggatgcctgggatgctgaaaccagtatccctgccctgctaaatggcgaacactctGtcctttaccgtacccgttac
>ECK125137147 yecDp4 forward 1950778 Sigma24 Weak
cagtttgctataaaggtgttgcccgaactcataaaaattaacaaaatttgtcgttccgccAtcggctaatcgcattaaggt
>ECK125137179 yedJp3 reverse 2033203 Sigma24 Weak
atttgaaagcgatttaggctctaccgcgggaaagtggttaggggcactggtcggatttttAtttatggctctggtcggggc
>ECK125137201 yeeAp6 reverse 2080661 Sigma24 Weak
gcctttcaattttttcgctcctgccgggaaattacactgttcccggtttgtccgtcggatAattcagaggcgcgccttctg
>ECK125137202 yeeFp2 reverse 2087238 Sigma24 Weak
tcttgtcatttcccccccatttaggcacaatgcgccgctgtcaaaaaatgactaaaaaccGacgtttcatcagcgtcggtt
>ECK125137193 yeeOp1 reverse 2059828 Sigma24 Weak
ttaacagtccgccgttctaccgactgaactacagaggaatcgttgttgaggcacatcttaAcggcgaaaaatcttttgtca
>ECK125137194 yeeOp6 reverse 2059875 Sigma24 Weak
tcaggaatttggctcctctgactggactcgaaccagtgacatacggattaacagtccgccGttctaccgactgaactacag
>ECK125137204 yeeZp7 reverse 2089176 Sigma24 Weak
ttgcagcatgtcgttatcattattgaacagattcattcatagaatgaattgtcagttttgAtacgctagcgtagccttata
>ECK125137236 yegXp1 reverse 2183801 Sigma24 Weak
tggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgacaccgtacaggaggcaaaaagctGgctttcatcggcgttagccc
>ECK125137237 yegXp6 reverse 2183820 Sigma24 Weak
tgtacactctctgcggcgttggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgacaccGtacaggaggcaaaaagctgg
>ECK125137241 yehEp1 reverse 2192909 Sigma24 Weak
tatttaatactgcgaatattctgcggaccttcgtccgaaactctacaaagtcgattgatcAtacaggcaatgcttcattat
>ECK125137269 yeiIp2           forward 2251653 Sigma24 Weak
cgtttcgacggcattccgctgatcctcgaaaccatcaacccggatatctgggcagaagagAtcgcctggctgaaagcgcaa
>ECK125137275 yeiWp7 reverse 2265413 Sigma24 Weak
tttaatttcgttcgctcttggcatcgaaaaattcctgtagtcgaaaatgtcaaaaatatcGcgacaaagtactcgcgacgg
>ECK125137280 yejGp5 reverse 2278353 Sigma24 Weak
gggtacatatagccccgcaaacgtgaccacgcccgcagatattacttaaatcagagccatAgaggccacgcaggcgaggca
>ECK125137281 yejGp8 reverse 2278446 Sigma24 Weak
cattcccccgatatatgtttattttatgtaaaatcaatttatgtaaaaagtcacatcattGtagttaaaaaggttgagtta
>ECK125137287 yejKp5 reverse 2284109 Sigma24 Weak
tgttcaacctgttcatcactgtagcgggaaatttgtggcataaatcgaaatcagttagttGatgaaagggcaacatattac
>ECK125137298 yfaLp1 reverse 2344218 Sigma24 Weak
taacaaaatagccattgcaccgggttgaacaatttacaaaagaaagatattccatatcgtAtaatgcgattaaatacgccg
>ECK125137299 yfaLp3 reverse 2344265 Sigma24 Weak
aggttattaacttgaattatgacgcactgatattattcatcaaataataacaaaatagccAttgcaccgggttgaacaatt
>ECK125137297 yfaPp4 reverse 2328199 Sigma24 Weak
ggatcggctggatttaacccatgagtatctgcacctggcctttgatggttatcccaccggGcttgatgagaactatatcga
>ECK125137319 yfbKp7 reverse 2385905 Sigma24 Weak
cgtgtcggggcgttgacggtaatgcattgacccagggttggtaaaaaataatcatagggaGtaaaaacacaaataatataa
>ECK125137322 yfbLp7 forward 2385828 Sigma24 Weak
tctttgtataatcctgctaatcttaataaaatacaatatcgaaacccatagcaaataatgAttcaacaacgcaacccatta
>ECK125137325 yfbNp1 reverse 2388587 Sigma24 Weak
ctaaaggtgtcataattattccctgaaataatatattcatcaaacgaatgacattgtttgAattcattagcagataaatag
>ECK125137327 yfbOp1 forward 2388573 Sigma24 Weak
cttaacattcatgttatgatgctcttgaaactaataatacgtatggaattgtcactatttAtctgctaatgaattcaaaca
>ECK125137330 yfbPp7 forward 2388995 Sigma24 Weak
cagagctggtttgtagaagaaattgcccctgatgagtgctgggaaggatggtcagaagatAcggagcatggatgggttgaa
>ECK125137336 yfcIp7           reverse 2423712 Sigma24 Weak
tcgtctgcaacggttccttaagggatcgctgaaataatttcctctccggtggctaacgctGccggagtattttcatgggga
>ECK125137337 yfcIp8           reverse 2423614 Sigma24 Weak
cgctgaaatgtaaaagttacagtccgctaaaaatacttctgaattcgctgtccaaagataAaaactgcctgctgcattggg
>ECK125137347 yfcVp8 reverse 2455688 Sigma24 Weak
atcgcatgccgtattcaatggctgggtataaacattggctattgactgaatcaatgtattGcaatgtttatattttaatta
>ECK125137354 yfdGp4 forward 2467737 Sigma24 Weak
actggcttgatgagaaggtggagtgagcgaccttaacaactatcgaatagcacaaagtctTgcaatccagtgcaaagcttt
>ECK125137373 yfeCp4 forward 2518375 Sigma24 Weak
tcaatcgctgaaaaatcaggcaaatgaacaattttggaaaaccgctcgcattcagtagttAttcatgtcacggtttcctgt
>ECK125137377 yfeHp5 forward 2526909 Sigma24 Weak
taattcatctgttttcttcatgaatggatgcaataaatcaattttatttctcaaactggaAgaagcacaatagaaccatcg
>ECK125137375 yfeRp1 reverse 2527039 Sigma24 Weak
tcgcgccgtgcataaagaacagcagggcaatagctgcggtggtcagattttcaaagaaggGgacgaaatcgcctctggccg
>ECK125137384 yffOp1 forward 2562080 Sigma24 Weak
gtaattattgcggtttttgtcaattttcaacctcaattcttgcgaaaaatggcaaaaataAcggtatttttcatcatttat
>ECK125137387 yffQp1 forward 2563389 Sigma24 Weak
gtgggagactgatggccgccgacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaatcaaCtcccaccaaagccaacaaga
>ECK125137388 yffQp3 forward 2563409 Sigma24 Weak
gacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaatcaactcccaccaaagccaacaagAtgggaggtgaattttgtgat
>ECK125137398 yfgGp7 forward 2629085 Sigma24 Weak
tatagagagcattgattctaagtgtcatatgaaagtaccaattgatatatatcaaacaaaAtaaccctgattaatgaatta
>ECK125137412 yfhRp2 forward 2664244 Sigma24 Weak
gcgttgttaaagccatgctggcgaacatgcgtgacgagttaagcgacgctctgaagcgttAatgactcaggcgggtgatat
>ECK125137449 yfjIp8           forward 2758881 Sigma24 Weak
gatgagtggttatcacaacgctgtaaacttatttgagggtgttacatgaattcatactcaAttgctgtcatcggagtgtaa
>ECK125137454 yfjPp5 forward 2767642 Sigma24 Weak
tcagaaagattctgcaatctatgtgcattgaaaaaatcttcagatagatatcattctcctGaacaatccgatgaacggcag
>ECK125137472 ygbNp2 forward 2864907 Sigma24 Weak
aattgccggactacctgatcgacatgaaccggacgatggagaaatcaactatccgtggctGttccgcctgttcgatgaggt
>ECK125137486 ygcGp7 forward 2905605 Sigma24 Weak
gagtaacgtattatgtcagaagaaaataaagaaaatggatttaatcatgtcaaaacattcAccaaaattatatttattttt
>ECK125137479 ygcNp3 forward 2892572 Sigma24 Weak
tgccgctgttaagtgcggtgatggtaaaagaaacctgcaccgcaggttgtatctatcgcgGcgaatgataagagtgtgtcg
>ECK125137480 ygcUp5 reverse 2899607 Sigma24 Weak
attacgctggcgacacgcagtaatccagaaaccaatcagcgcgttcttgatcatattccgGcaaaccgttggggcgatact
>ECK125137481 ygcWp11 reverse 2900409 Sigma24 Weak
gtgagagtaatcacgcttctgctttttaaaattatttgacaatacgaatatcacactgtgAttacgatcacattagcagtt
>ECK125137482 ygcWp12 reverse 2900471 Sigma24 Weak
attacttttctcaggtctctagtaattgaaataataaataacatggaaagcagaggtgttGtgtgagagtaatcacgcttc
>ECK125137506 ygeAp5 reverse 2980803 Sigma24 Weak
cattactttctggctcattccggaaaccaaaaatgtcacgctggaacatatcgaacgcaaActgatggcaggcgagaagtt
>ECK125137528 ygeRp1 reverse 3000039 Sigma24 Weak
tgggattattacgcatcaggatgggaaatagggtaaaaagtcaggaagttcgatacctctAcagcgaatattttgctgatg
>ECK125137529 ygeWp1 forward 3006224 Sigma24 Weak
ttattgttagtcccaggtatagctgtgaaaacaccaatcactttggcaagtcacagtgaaAtaaaccactttgcctgtcat
>ECK125137538 ygfSp5 reverse 3029164 Sigma24 Weak
atgccgtggttgcagggcagcggaattaaactcgataaatggggcctgattcaaaccggtGacgtcgggtatttacctacc
>ECK125137539 ygfUp6 forward 3031189 Sigma24 Weak
agagtgcgacatgccagaatgattaatgaaatatcaatatgagaaaattacagataattcCattgtcaggttctcttctca
>ECK125137547 yggCp1 reverse 3074756 Sigma24 Weak
tgctctatgacgcgttaaaagcgatgaagttcgctgatttctccgtctggtcagaggcgcGttttagcggaatggtcaaaa
>ECK125137553 yggIp6 forward 3089588 Sigma24 Weak
caacaccttctgggtgtatgcggctctgaacgtactgtttatcctgctgacattgtggctGgtaccggaaaccaaacacgt
>ECK125137565 yghDp3 reverse 3111276 Sigma24 Weak
tgaaatcagcgtcactttccgacatcgaaatgcgtggttttacctttgatcaaaaacgccAgatacttcacctccagctac
>ECK125137574 yghQp1 reverse 3132593 Sigma24 Weak
ttgagactgccatctcccgcaagcctgaccatgactatgccgagctgcaggacaaaatcgGtgtcatgtcgaagattggct
>ECK125137584 yghTp14 forward 3133915 Sigma24 Weak
ccaggcttgccgtgagggtcgatttacctgaaccatcacatcctacaatggcaataacacGcactggcgtggaattaatta
>ECK125137610 ygiDp2 reverse 3182561 Sigma24 Weak
gagaacgccgagaaacgcgccaataaacgtggctgcccccgccagtatggtcagaatgagAggtactgacatcgacaactc
>ECK125137611 ygiDp3 reverse 3182429 Sigma24 Weak
tcattgttatccgggttcttactccgccgaacaagcgtattgtgaggatatcaaaatgacAcctttagttaaggatatcat
>ECK125137592 ygiQp1 reverse 3161310 Sigma24 Weak
gtttatttcggtcagccttcctgggcgcacttcccgttctacttcaacagtcagacgctgGaaatggcggaccgtggctcg
>ECK125137631 ygjIp1          forward 3226142 Sigma24 Weak
catgaagcgtatcggtttatctgcaataacgcggtcaaaaaagtggttctcaaagtcaccAtcgaagatggttatttccat
>ECK125137632 ygjIp2          forward 3226070 Sigma24 Weak
gaccgtgaatatttaaaaggctgcggagaaaccgttgaggtccacgaagggcaaatcgttAtttgcgatatccatgaagcg
>ECK125137636 ygjQp4 forward 3236365 Sigma24 Weak
cgcatgatcgtggtgcacgagctggcgcacctgaaggagaaagagcataacaaagcgtttTaccagttgtgttgtcatatg
>ECK125137647 yhaHp7 forward 3252249 Sigma24 Weak
cgcgccttcacggcactttattaattccttgaacgaatatttactgccatttcattcacgTctattcttaatttgctgctt
>ECK125137652 yhaIp12 forward 3252825 Sigma24 Weak
tcgttatataaattacctataaaaaataaccatgtatttatcttaaatatcaaaacctttAtaacatccgaaaaagaaaga
>ECK125137649 yhaIp9 forward 3252700 Sigma24 Weak
tttggaccagatccaaaactggaaccttaaaacaaatctgctcgccggatgtctgactcaTccggcttttatcattatgtt
>ECK125137656 yhaKp4 forward 3254274 Sigma24 Weak
tttcgttctcattcaggaaatttgaacataccgggcagaatatctggctaacaatgtagcGtccagccccttaccataaaa
>ECK125137681 yhbUp1 forward 3301329 Sigma24 Weak
tccaacacgagttttactccctgtttcaacaatcatcctattttgccatatcagaaaaatAacatagcggtataaatcaac
>ECK125137683 yhbUp7 forward 3301279 Sigma24 Weak
gtacactcaacagagatggccccaaatgcacaatacgggaacgcagtttatccaacacgaGttttactccctgtttcaaca
>ECK125137698 yhcAp1 forward 3362039 Sigma24 Weak
gttagctataactcggacagattatgccctatgacatggtctgtcttaatcaatctcatcGcaaacagtgcataacatata
>ECK125137708 yhcMp1 reverse 3380156 Sigma24 Weak
ccaattagcgcatattcccaggtcatgaacatctcccgttgtcttttgtttccgtagggtGttggcttcaggctccatgcc
>ECK125137712 yhcOp1 reverse 3386210 Sigma24 Weak
ggctggcggggatgctccataagtatcaacatgcgttgaccgatagttaagtcaaaaccgAcgccaaaagcgtcggttttt
>ECK125137725 yhdHp1 forward 3403280 Sigma24 Weak
aacttatactgaatggcgttgtagaaacttagcgaacagcccagcaaagtcacaaaaattGttaacccggtgagcagcgta
>ECK125137728 yhdUp1 forward 3412497 Sigma24 Weak
actctgcggaagaactggcgaaagtgaaaaaaagaaagaccggcaacctgtcaaaacgaaGccggttaagcgaagttgacc
>ECK125137756 yhfYp1 reverse 3511617 Sigma24 Weak
aaggcgatgtcgatgcggtgatctggaacgtggtggcggaaaacgaactgaccatgctggGattagaggcgacgccgctca
>ECK125137773 yhgFp2 forward 3537176 Sigma24 Weak
gtttccgtattgtcggctacgatgaaatttttggccgtaaagattacatctctatcgattCcccgatggcccgcgcattgc
>ECK125137819 yhiMp11 forward 3634817 Sigma24 Weak
atgatatctcgtcattatattaacaggatgaaattatcattaatgcatatttcaatattaGcagggatacctgaggagttt
>ECK125137831 yhjRp10 reverse 3696283 Sigma24 Weak
tgtgattttagtcttttcgtttttaactttttctgttgcgtaacggaaagtcaaaaagtgAgcaaattcccgtctcgccgt
>ECK125137833 yhjRp12 reverse 3696215 Sigma24 Weak
cccgtctcgccgtaaacaataaaccggcgaaatgctcacggttagaattgtctcatgaacGgtacggttatttcataggga
>ECK125137839 yhjXp6 reverse 3712097 Sigma24 Weak
ggtgaataattgtcgcgtcattcattcctgaactaaggcatttcattccgttctgatggcAtttcatgccgtttttcccca
>ECK125137852 yiaBp1 reverse 3727797 Sigma24 Weak
attaatatttagtatgaatttattctgaaaatcatttgttaatggcatttttcagttttgTctttcgttggttactcgtaa
>ECK125137876 yibBp6 reverse 3793834 Sigma24 Weak
atagaggtgcaaggatgctaattgcaacaaactagtttgggttttagctagtccttcatgGcggatgttggttttgcatgt
>ECK125137868 yibGp6 forward 3768064 Sigma24 Weak
aaaatggatacagtgctaacagcaccaacgaaccttaattcaaataaggatctaatggctAtaacaacaaaagaccttggt
>ECK125137893 yicNp4 reverse 3842509 Sigma24 Weak
cggctttatgtcgtactgcatcatgaaagtatgcaccgggcgctggcgcgatctgaacctGtgtgtggtggtggtcgcagc
>ECK125137894 yicOp1 reverse 3843957 Sigma24 Weak
ctggtattcagcccggctaatgtgatgaaatttatggttaatagaattattcatatttttCtcattttgattttatcaatt
>ECK125137897 yicOp11 reverse 3843819 Sigma24 Weak
tgcaattgaaatgtgataattatcactgaaccgttgttgtcatttgttttacaaaagcaaGggattaaatctcctccaatg
>ECK125137895 yicOp5 reverse 3843880 Sigma24 Weak
aatttgattattatttatcataaagaaacgtcgcgagattattaaagaatatccattaatGtgcaattgaaatgtgataat
>ECK125137905 yieHp4 forward 3896657 Sigma24 Weak
gttgatgactcattatctatttccgaacaaggagggaaaatccgtcgctatcgtataccaAaatgcgacaataggcgcgtt
>ECK125137908 yieKp2 reverse 3899464 Sigma24 Weak
actgagcttgagcagaaaaaaattaactttgattaccaggaatatccgggtctgaaccatGaaatggatgtctggcgacca
>ECK125137942 yihFp1 forward 4044175 Sigma24 Weak
ttctgataatgcatcctgccgctggacattatttcagcataagtggatattcaaagttttGctgttttatcagggaatatt
>ECK125137943 yihFp4 forward 4044055 Sigma24 Weak
ttgttcagcagtatgctgatacagtgaaatatctgtccgagaaaaaataattcaatgtaaAttacataaagcccgtgaata
>ECK125137949 yihLp2 forward 4060253 Sigma24 Weak
atcgtcgccgcgccaaccgcgcaccgaaagacgattaatttcgttttttagtcataaaaaAcctgccagcgatggcaggtt
>ECK125137952 yihNp5 forward 4062166 Sigma24 Weak
acaaatcaaacaagaggcaaaccatcttctgaaccactaataagttttaactcatacgcaGttaataaaaccattccatat
>ECK125137955 yihQp1 reverse 4069446 Sigma24 Weak
tgttttttaatatttacggacagagaaaataacttgtattgattagcagtcaaaatcattGaagaacatttcactcgctaa
>ECK125137977 yijEp5          forward 4136089 Sigma24 Weak
agcggctgcttgctggcagtcgctgaacgttctttaccagcgtatagtgggcgaacgaaaActacacactggatctctcat
>ECK125138007 yjcEp7 forward 4279835 Sigma24 Weak
gtcgttatcgccgtggcgctggtgaccttctatgcgggtggctgggctatctaatctttcAtcggattctgaaaacgggtg
>ECK125138038 yjfPp5 forward 4416935 Sigma24 Weak
cattatgaactaataccgccagcagaaacttgtgctaaggatttcttcatgtcataccagAcaaaaaggagagacagatga
>ECK125138073 yjgZp1 forward 4501058 Sigma24 Weak
gcccgtcacccggacagacaccgttatggacttctcttgttgcacgatcgatcaattgttAtgcatgctgacaccacaacc
>ECK125138078 yjhBp7 forward 4503882 Sigma24 Weak
atatctggcgaacattgttttttgttggtgacccaaaactgtaggtgggtatcagttttaTctttcatagagtgaaatatg
>ECK125138089 yjhGp4 reverse 4524226 Sigma24 Weak
tactacaactgcccgctatttacgccctcgaaacaccgtttgtctcactgatcaaatacaGcatgcagtgtgtcgggctgc
>ECK125138104 yjiAp7 reverse 4589048 Sigma24 Weak
gcggggctttgttcttatcagagtgaactatgtttggtaacttaggacaggcaaaaaaatAtctcggccaggcggcgaaga
>ECK125138093 yjiJp4          reverse 4562682 Sigma24 Weak
caggctggcatgcttcacctttttgttattaacttgttaacaacaaaaatgacaaacaagGttaaacatgccttcgtccac
>ECK125138095 yjiKp7          reverse 4563730 Sigma24 Weak
tggctgacctgtccccccggcgaggaaatacaatgggtgatccctgggctgactgagtcaAtttattgccagcaggatggt
>ECK125138105 yjiYp3          reverse 4591347 Sigma24 Weak
accttactttacgcgcgcgtaactctggcaacatcactacaggatagcggtcaatttaccTcctcaaacgcaacgcaaacc
>ECK125138112 yjjAp1 reverse 4600337 Sigma24 Weak
ttccaaacgcccaaccgggatgctgaccaacagtaatatggaagagatgaccaagttgctGggcgaacgcgtgatggaccg
>ECK125138107 yjjLp6          reverse 4594844 Sigma24 Weak
tgcacggttttatcaaaagataaataccgggaaattcccgcttacctatgctcacaatcaGtcgactaaaaatgtttttgt
>ECK125138109 yjjLp8          reverse 4594882 Sigma24 Weak
cattaagtacggattaaaaacagcaaactattagcgggtgcacggttttatcaaaagataAataccgggaaattcccgctt
>ECK125138128 yjtDp8 forward 4640838 Sigma24 Weak
ttaacaactcaaccgttagtacagtcaggaaatagtttagccttttttaagctaagtaaaGggctttttctgcgacttacg
>ECK125136415 ykfIp7 reverse 263818 Sigma24 Weak
gaatgccggaagctggatgaaacattcccgcactttatcctccagatggaatcgatgctgAccaccggtgaactcagcccc
>ECK125136444 ykgBp3 reverse 318376 Sigma24 Weak
ggataccattgctgatatagccagaaaatataatgcttcatcctggaaagtcacatcgatGcgaattgataataattcaac
>ECK125136449 ykgCp1 reverse 320215 Sigma24 Weak
tcgttccttgtggagcgttaagcatcaacaaacggctaagggcatccatatcagactcctGagtggtttttgattacaaac
>ECK125136435 ykgJp2 reverse 304258 Sigma24 Weak
attagtacgtaaaatcggtaacggctggaaatcattcaatactcacactatcgaaagttcCccagccaaccgcggtacgtt
>ECK125136443 ykgLp1 forward 311939 Sigma24 Weak
taagcccccaagagccagattaagtgaagttaaacgaaggctgccagctgtcacaggaacGatggcctttttgtcagggca
>ECK125136521 ylbAp2 reverse 544056 Sigma24 Weak
cttgccgaaggggtcaaaacgttggcactcatgctttatcaacttgcctggcagaaataaGgagtcataaatgggatattt
>ECK125136739 ymdBp4 forward 1105738 Sigma24 Weak
cttgataaacagaaaaagctggctgtaatgaacatcgaatataactaagtttctgaacaaCtcacgttgctgagcagaaaa
>ECK125136784 ymfIp1 forward 1201440 Sigma24 Weak
caacgctaaggattctctctggttgaaaatacttagctgttatgtgcctgtcttttcaccActtcaggctcggtggtatgc
>ECK125136787 ymfJp9 reverse 1202259 Sigma24 Weak
ctctataattggtactgtgattttctcaggaaaaccaagaagatacaaaatcaaagcctaAtcaatgtttatgaacctgct
>ECK125136820 ymgEp6 forward 1244579 Sigma24 Weak
atgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaactgtctttggtttatcggtcacagttaAcaaaacttaatacaaatgcg
>ECK125136806 ymgFp1 forward 1218814 Sigma24 Weak
catttcagcagggttattatttctataaacctgttacatacatcgacctggtcaaaattaTcctttctaaaccgaaggtga
>ECK125136952 yncBp4 forward 1518892 Sigma24 Weak
aaaacggatggacatgtctggcctcaataaaataatgatgatgatgttatcaatactatcGaaaacagcccgaagcaacgg
>ECK125136976 yneEp5 reverse 1609182 Sigma24 Weak
gtccgttgtgctaataacaccgttacttctgaacccggtttcgaccgggtttcttatttcAccatattagttacaacatcc
>ECK125136978 yneFp7 reverse 1611874 Sigma24 Weak
agggtacctttatttgccgccgctgtcagcgaacatgctatcttggttcggtcagtattgAtagtctggatttctggcctt
>ECK125137005 ynfAp7 reverse 1655679 Sigma24 Weak
gagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactatacatgatgtcaataagagAcaaagatgattaaaacaacg
>ECK125137007 ynfDp6 forward 1657414 Sigma24 Weak
ttagagaaactggccatctcaggggtaaatgaaagtgttacctctgtgcggtcacatcctGtgaggaatatcgcgagtaag
>ECK125136993 ynfOp1 forward 1636727 Sigma24 Weak
caggtatcgtattaattgatctgcatcaacttaacgtaaaaacaacttcagacaatacaaAtcagcgacactgaatacggg
>ECK125137067 yniAp1 forward 1807719 Sigma24 Weak
cctgggaggaatggaatagcaacagaaaataaatggtttttgggcaataatcagtctgtgGtgtgcgttagctcgtgtttt
>ECK125137069 yniAp7 forward 1807579 Sigma24 Weak
ggatgatgagggaaatatccatgagctgggaactaacacttttggacttatcagtacccaAagtgaagaagaaattagaga
>ECK125137063 yniDp6 forward 1805101 Sigma24 Weak
aaacgcagaaacagtgaccatgtgcacaacgccacccgacggctgtaataacaaaaaatcCcttgatgcctgtcccttttg
>ECK125137081 ynjIp1 reverse 1845011 Sigma24 Weak
ggctgcaccgcgtaaacgtagtgcgaaaaaaagtccgccagcagatgaagtcggaagcggGgcgatagcgtaagcgagtga
>ECK125137109 yoaCp1 forward 1893966 Sigma24 Weak
agcaactctggttttctttcttagctgaacaatctggttatagcgtgcggactgaccgttAaatttctccatcttactgga
>ECK125137112 yoaHp1 reverse 1894933 Sigma24 Weak
ttctttaccgaaagtggttaaagtgcaaatcggctcggcgaccacaatatcaaagcggctAtacggatgatcggcatagcc
>ECK125137187 yodBp16 forward 2042294 Sigma24 Weak
ccattgcttatattggctggttacaatatgcactatcaattttttaaataacaaattattAaaaccacatctgtataagga
>ECK125137255 yohCp3 reverse 2225679 Sigma24 Weak
aaaaggacgttcatcagacagtgaaaattacatgggcgaacaaaaaataatcacaagctgActtatacttgaactgtcagg
>ECK125137257 yohDp2 forward 2225763 Sigma24 Weak
gcccatgtaattttcactgtctgatgaacgtcctttttcagcgtgaatgattcacagggtGtatgcttactggcaaccaaa
>ECK125137361 ypdIp1 forward 2494494 Sigma24 Weak
cgccgccatcatattgggtgagcatgaaatgagaaatcagagagcaacggtcattttgaaAgggttatcttacagttgtag
>ECK125137392 ypfMp2 reverse 2591070 Sigma24 Weak
aaataatattaaacatttttaacgtaaacattaagaatattcatcttgttatctgtctgtAttttaaccagaattaaatca
>ECK125137459 ypjAp8 reverse 2782822 Sigma24 Weak
atttcatcatgatgtctttgatgagcggtgaacacaatacacttgcgctgtctcttcaggAtgaatcccctggtctggtgc
>ECK125137508 yqeFp1 reverse 2985624 Sigma24 Weak
cctttgtgataaaaatcactttttttaaacaattaagataactgtaattaacaatcatttActattgcactgttaattggt
>ECK125137510 yqeFp11 reverse 2985809 Sigma24 Weak
tctttagaccaaatattagacattatctgaacgtatcatctacaaattaaacaaaatggaGggcaatttaccataaaccag
>ECK125137509 yqeFp8 reverse 2985701 Sigma24 Weak
ctacccctctattggtgggttagtggttgcaaaccttacgtgccagttatgtctctgactGctgctcaggcatatttcctt
>ECK125137511 yqeGp1 forward 2985719 Sigma24 Weak
aaaaaaagtgatttttatcacaaaggaaatatgcctgagcagcagtcagagacataactgGcacgtaaggtttgcaaccac
>ECK125137516 yqeIp1 forward 2988344 Sigma24 Weak
cacgaaaaattcagaagcattacgaaatatgaatttacaaacaatagtggcataaatgttAaccatgttaatttacgtaaa
>ECK125137523 yqeKp12 reverse 2990570 Sigma24 Weak
tttttcttatttttgttctcctgatcaggaactaatggttgcagtggtaggctattattaAtatttcgtggcttcatttta
>ECK125137545 yqfAp10 reverse 3043364 Sigma24 Weak
ctgaaaaacatgcagagcaggaaaatatgaccctgactgaactgaaaaaagtcattgctgAcatctatcccggtcagacac
>ECK125137562 yqgAp1 forward 3109534 Sigma24 Weak
ctttgcgaacaaacaagccatcgacggcaccaaacggtcataataagaaaatcaaacaatAcagctaacaggaactcttgt
>ECK125137563 yqgAp4 forward 3109521 Sigma24 Weak
gtgcaagccaggactttgcgaacaaacaagccatcgacggcaccaaacggtcataataagAaaatcaaacaatacagctaa
>ECK125137548 yqgBp1 reverse 3086250 Sigma24 Weak
gccgtggaggtgatacgaaataatgaaccgttgtctgctgcttaacctgtctcaccgttcTggtgaagattcgttccccgc
>ECK125137590 yqhCp1 reverse 3155384 Sigma24 Weak
agcatcgtgaggaatttgttcgcgtaaaccagcgattgcgcctttaccaaacagaatgcgGgttggggtgtgcagattaaa
>ECK125137612 yqiCp1 forward 3184831 Sigma24 Weak
ttctggtttatgacttacccttatcgcactacaatggcactcaacacctatcagtacaggGaaactacaatgattgacccg
>ECK125137665 yraHp4 forward 3287365 Sigma24 Weak
tcttaaagttcagtctatttaatgttcaatgaaatatttctgcctgtataatctttaaagAtgttgaacatatattcacat
>ECK125137678 yraRp1 reverse 3299012 Sigma24 Weak
aatcacttcgtgtccggctttacggaactcgtctgcgggtgaagtaaattctgaatcctcAaattcatcagtgattaaaac
>ECK125137762 yrfFp6 forward 3526274 Sigma24 Weak
aattgcatgttatttacatttatgtaacttaataaataatcgtcctcaaatcaaattaaaAgtcaataggttgaaataact
>ECK125137786 yrhBp9 forward 3584720 Sigma24 Weak
agcatttaataatatctttgacgaagatgaacgcgtctttgctcaatgtatcacacaggaAtaataatataacactcaaca
>ECK125137851 ysaBp1 reverse 3725902 Sigma24 Weak
tagtggtgtgaatcatcaccaccattaaacacgctatccctcgcaggttatcaatccagtAaattttgggctgcatctgtg
>ECK125138046 ytfHp6 forward 4434104 Sigma24 Weak
gtcttgtgtttaaatacgctaacacctaaacttacttttagtaagtacgtacaaaaaggtAagtatgaaatgagtcaggtt
>ECK125138053 ytfQp6 forward 4449817 Sigma24 Weak
ttttaagacggtatacagagcaggaaaatccataaccgtagccgcatttttcatagtgagAtgaaagcgattacaaacttg
>ECK125136964 adhPp5 reverse 1553994 Sigma28 Weak
cctctgccgaagccctgcaacaggccattgacgataatttctggcaagccgaataccgcgActaccgccgtacctccatct
>ECK125137639 alxp3            forward 3238555 Sigma28 Weak
cttgccggaaggcgaggtctatgcataaaaagcagcggctgacgtcttccgacgttggccGtttttttatgtgtaaggaac
>ECK125136492 ampGp6 reverse 453684 Sigma28 Weak
accaaaaactatcgtgccagctacaacgttgaaggtgcgttccaggcctccaacaaaaatAtcgccgatgcggttaacagt
>ECK125137915 aspTp1 forward 3946780 Sigma28 Weak
gtggtcccacctgaccccatgccgaactcagaagtgaaacgccgtagcgccgatggtagtGtggggtctccccatgcgaga
>ECK125136355 caiEp3 reverse 35499 Sigma28 Weak
ctggcgattgcggcgctgaaagagatctaccgcaccaccagcgaaatgccggtagaagaaGcgtatcgctatattcgcagc
>ECK125136357 caiEp7 reverse 35399 Sigma28 Weak
catcggttctgcattcggaagatgccattgaagggccgctggcgtttgccgagaagcgcgAtccggtgtggaaaggacgtt
>ECK125137075 chbGp5 reverse 1817312 Sigma28 Weak
gataaagtaatggggctgattcacaccattaaaggcttcgagattgctgccagtaacgccGcacttagcggagaatttaac
>ECK125137208 cldp10 reverse 2098475 Sigma28 Weak
ccgacgtcattatctctaaccgaatggcagaagagcttaaggatgtggcagataaggtatAcacccgcgatctctttggca
>ECK125136672 clpSp7 forward 922912 Sigma28 Weak
taagctcttgtcagcggcagggcgttctgccgataaccgtaaccgaagatgataactgacAatgggtaaaacgaacgactg
>ECK125136578 cobCp6 reverse 670046 Sigma28 Weak
ataacccggaagatcttcaccttcagcctgccggtaaaatttatctggctgaaacgccgtGgtttaacatctcggcgacca
>ECK125137806 dcrBp8 forward 3609913 Sigma28 Weak
tccgaaatcaacgctttgcaggcgagttaaaggttcgttatcagagttgtgataagatggAtgaatgagccgttatggccg
>ECK125137106 dmlAp4 forward 1881712 Sigma28 Weak
tgtaacaacaccacgtttagcgtttgctccagcaaggcgatgcgcttgctgacgaacgccGgtgaaacgcccagttcttcc
>ECK125136390 dxrp4            forward 193338 Sigma28 Weak
acgacaaagtgaaagcactgttgaaagataaagagatcagcgaagacgacgatcgccgttCtcaggacgatgtacagaaac
>ECK125137290 ecop7            forward 2303851 Sigma28 Weak
ttgtctgaatgttctttaagttattcataaagcaaattaataaatctgatgaatatgttaAccttcagcgacatcatcggt
>ECK120009892 flgKp            forward 1138351 Sigma28 Weak
gaacattgataatctgttctgaataactcaagtccggcgggtcgctgccgataatactctGtaattgaaggcttataagga
>ECK120009891 flgMp            reverse 1130165 Sigma28 Weak
gaatattcttataaacctgtaagctgttaaagattacccgtcccttgccgataaataagcAacacatgataaaagcgccct
>ECK125137156 flhCp3 reverse 1977932 Sigma28 Weak
ttgacagccaccagacgattactcagttgacgcaagattcccgcgttgacgatctccagcAaattcataccggcatcatgc
>ECK120016224 fliEp reverse 2013093 Sigma28 Weak
gaaaaattgacgctcccattatttgtgctttcgtttttttctatccgccaataaacccgtTtttttgttgctatttagcgc
>ECK120016703 fliFp forward 2013205 Sigma28 Weak
caatttttcgagtttgctgacccgggagtgagtcttgttccactttgccaataacgccgtCcataatcagccacgaggtgc
>ECK120009886 flxAp            forward 1646388 Sigma28 Weak
aacaattaatgacacaagaaatacgattaaagatttttttgtgcatgccgatagtgctttTttaaaaggagaaatctatgt
>ECK125137968 frvRp4 reverse 4089902 Sigma28 Weak
atttcaaaagccgattacgaagctctgctcacgctgatacggggttttctgacgaccttaActgcggagaaagtcaacgcg
>ECK125137364 fryAp6 reverse 2504493 Sigma28 Weak
gtcttacgcgtgagacggttgttcaactgacggatttcagatgatctcctgattaacccgGagcggttatgttaacgattc
>ECK125136624 galMp4 reverse 788898 Sigma28 Weak
tcgcgctgatcccggaagagctggtgcctgccgtacagcaagctgtcgctgaacaatatgAagcaaaaacaggtattaaag
>ECK125137847 ghrBp2 forward 3717189 Sigma28 Weak
aacccaatcgccagcaacagcaccgcagaaggtaaggcgcaaaaccgccgtgtagaaattAccttaagcccgctgtaatcc
>ECK125137572 glcAp12 reverse 3121321 Sigma28 Weak
ttgctgtaaagtataacgcctatattttacagttcagtcctcttttgcttattacaacctTaagtatatcaagcatataaa
>ECK125137911 glmSp2 reverse 3913811 Sigma28 Weak
actcagaaagaaggctggcgtcgtccggtaaagaaaaagtgattctggccggctaacccgGtcacatgggatgaggagata
>ECK125137772 greBp8 forward 3536744 Sigma28 Weak
ttgttacaaagcatattaaacagcagcttaagtatacaatttattcggcgaaacattattGattctgttgatatgatcacg
>ECK125137917 hdfRp6 reverse 3948160 Sigma28 Weak
caactcattgaaggcataaccatgacgctcaagcagttgtgcctctttgatggtgaaatcAccatgacgagagaatccacg
>ECK125109035 hemLp1 reverse 174902 Sigma28 Weak
gatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacatagaatagcagccattcactttttCtacgaatcaggaaccctcca
>ECK125109036 hemLp2 reverse 174941 Sigma28 Weak
tactctaagaaatcaggattgcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtatttaacTtgttatgaataacatagaat
>ECK125137766 hslOp3 forward 3529733 Sigma28 Weak
tgccgcacccggaccgacgcccggacaaaaaagagcgccgcgacctgttacgatttaaacAcggcgacagtgaataactgt
>ECK125137914 hsrAp6 reverse 3940706 Sigma28 Weak
ttcacgtcaattaccagcgacacagtgataaagctggatctgcatcaggcgattgtcgatGcgattatccaaagcgatggc
>ECK125137199 insHp4 reverse 2067511 Sigma28 Weak
ctaaatgttgaagaattatcccgcctgctgaagaacgttgctctgagtgtgataaaccttTttattcttgatgatgtcagc
>ECK125136882 insHp7 forward 1395971 Sigma28 Weak
ttcagcgatcattgttttatcaggctcctccagataattgtcgtcatgccggaaacccctGgcggggctattttaccgcga
>ECK125136552 insLp5 forward 608056 Sigma28 Weak
gcggggagtaatcccataagcgctaacttaagggttgtggtattacgcctgatatgatttAacgtgccgatgaattactct
>ECK125137473 ispFp2 reverse 2871911 Sigma28 Weak
ttacatgactgtctgacgcgcgctctaaatgaaggcgcgactattaccgacgaagcctcgGcgctggaatattgcggattc
>ECK125137430 kgtPp7 reverse 2725760 Sigma28 Weak
aatatttcctttacaaaaaaaataaacaaaagcgaccgacaaaagcatcggattacggcaGgagacataatggcatggctg
>ECK120015438 lolBp           reverse 1263556 Sigma28 Weak
ttgccgaaagccgttagattctggcaattaagacaacttgaacatagacgatagcggacgGtaacgctagcattaagggtt
>ECK125136768 lolCp6 forward 1175374 Sigma28 Weak
gatttacgggggcttttcagattagccctgacgatcacttacagttcagacgtttacccaTcttgctttcgcttatatact
>ECK120029594 modAp1 forward 794995 Sigma28 Weak
ccgcttagtcgggcattttctttttctcaacttcctgcttttcctgccgatattttttctTatctacctcacaaaggttag
>ECK120009888 motAp reverse 1977302 Sigma28 Weak
accgccatcccgggcagtaaaaagacgtaaactttcccagaatcctgccgatattatcccAcaactgctggatgaacagag
>ECK125137685 nlpIp2 reverse 3309040 Sigma28 Weak
aagaagcgactgagcagtctcaacctgctgcagcaccggaagctccggctgctgaacaggGcgagtaaggttgccatttgc
>ECK125137761 nudEp9 reverse 3526329 Sigma28 Weak
caagcgtggagtttaacttgagcatcattaagcacatcacagtaaccgctgatcatagcaAaccctctgaaggcggaatat
>ECK125136777 nudJp6 reverse 1194437 Sigma28 Weak
cgcggaatccaccaattcgtgaacgcaaaagtattcccaccagctggctgaagatcacctTatatgaaggacgtaatcgcc
>ECK120010266 oppAp forward 1301085 Sigma28 Weak
atcgtctgaatcaccagaataaataaagtcggtgatagtaatacgtaacgataaagtaacCtgacagcagaaagtctccga
>ECK125137406 pbpCp1 reverse 2647493 Sigma28 Weak
ttactgaaccagatgcagcaggcgagcattaagcacattgagttccgtgacgatcgctttGtggcggcggttgccgttgat
>ECK125137982 pflDp4 forward 4143858 Sigma28 Weak
atggtgattctgaccaaagatatcggcatcaagtttgaagagcgttttgctggcaagaccAtcgtgcgcgtcaacatcagc
>ECK120029592 ppdAp reverse 2964220 Sigma28 Weak
gaaattttgcaacgtcctgcaacggcgtaaatagtccggaagatgcgccgaagaaatagaAactggccctcgtcttttttt
>ECK125137394 ppkp5 forward 2622874 Sigma28 Weak
acgccgcgtggctggatggtcaacgtctgccgccgcagggctacgctgccgacgagtaatAcccccgtaattaaagcgcca
>ECK125137123 prcp1           reverse 1915027 Sigma28 Weak
gaaggcgctgaacgtaaacctcgtgcgcaaaagccggtagagaaagcgccaaaaacagtaAaagcacctcgcgaagaacag
>ECK125137989 purDp1 reverse 4205986 Sigma28 Weak
taatccagcctggcggttctatccgtgatgacgaagtgattgccgccgccgacgagcacgGtattgcgatgctcttcaccg
>ECK125137296 rcsCp5 reverse 2319979 Sigma28 Weak
gaaatccactagtcttgtccggtatatgacgattatcagaggttaaggtgatgatttctcGgcggtgtatcatattccaga
>ECK125137931 rhtCp2 forward 4007739 Sigma28 Weak
gatgacgaagagtagtcagcagcataaaaaagtgccagtatgaagactccgtaaacgtttCccccgcgagtcaaatgtatg
>ECK125137996 rluFp6 forward 4230162 Sigma28 Weak
ttacccggcagcgtcgagttactcaataaaagcagttccattacttctccggttagtaagAaatcacgggaggcatgctac
>ECK125136562 rnkp7           reverse 644180 Sigma28 Weak
gtaactgtggcaaaacctttgtgattgataaagcgggttattaatcatctgatttacaaaAcacgctaattcgtcttccat
>ECK125137796 rsmDp11 forward 3604315 Sigma28 Weak
ctcctcgctgttgcttcatggcacagcgttaacgctatgtacatagcagctaaaaaaatgAtgaaatagtctatcacttaa
>ECK125137673 rsmIp6 reverse 3293393 Sigma28 Weak
aacaacaggcagacaacgcgcggctttcaaacgagaaaatgttgagggtaccataatgtaTccagtgatattttttttacg
>ECK125137777 rtcAp6 reverse 3556948 Sigma28 Weak
attcgtgccaccgcgcatgtggaatgccgtaaagatgccgaagtgatcgacgaaatcccgAtggcgtataaagatattgat
>ECK125137745 slyDp5 reverse 3478540 Sigma28 Weak
ccggactagcgatatgcgccgagtttttttaagctagtgagtacacggctgcagaattccGctacaatctgcgccactatt
>ECK125138060 tabAp5 forward 4474783 Sigma28 Weak
gccttgacccgaaaggcgggaaagcgcctgccgataagttgtgataagacaataattcacGcgttaaggctagcggaattg
>ECK125137722 tldDp7 reverse 3392184 Sigma28 Weak
gcgacgctgtgcgtcttatcaggcctacaaacggaacataaccgtaggtcggataaggcgTttacgccgcatccgacagcc
>ECK125136723 torTp7 forward 1056207 Sigma28 Weak
atccagagtcttcgggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaaggttGagtcgcaaagcggaatgcat
>ECK125136851 trpAp8 reverse 1317241 Sigma28 Weak
tggtggttaacctttccggtcgcggcgataaagacatcttcaccgttcacgatattttgaAagcacgaggggaaatctgat
>ECK125137936 ubiEp4 forward 4018747 Sigma28 Weak
ttcggtcggttccggagcagccgaatgatgaagcttatcaacgcgatgatgaatataatcAgcagtcgcgctagcccattg
>ECK125136427 yagGp9 forward 285207 Sigma28 Weak
taaaaaagcgctcggaatttaattattttaagagataaaaccgtctgcggaatatttcccGcagacggctttgttgttttt
>ECK125136480 yaiIp3          forward 405723 Sigma28 Weak
aaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcataaacagaactatgccggaaggcaaaAgcgcgacacaatagaggatt
>ECK125136500 ybaMp3 reverse 490324 Sigma28 Weak
aacgctgcatcgtgaagtggaagcctatgaagcgcgcctggcacgctgccgccatgcgctGgaaaaaatcgaaaacaggtt
>ECK125136504 ybaNp9 forward 490879 Sigma28 Weak
acctcaatgaaaatgataattgttatgctaaagtagccactctgtaagctgacaacactcAatatgcaacgaatcatttta
>ECK125136495 ybaYp3 forward 475245 Sigma28 Weak
ccgcagcaagccaaagtgagttgagtataacgcaaatttgctactggtccgatgggtgcaAtggtctgaattacgggctaa
>ECK125136515 ybbJp1 reverse 515077 Sigma28 Weak
ggcgaacgtcagtcggcgtttttacaggctgaagcgcgtgaacgttccgccgaagcagaaGcccgcgccaccaaaatggtg
>ECK125136550 ybdJp5 reverse 606264 Sigma28 Weak
gatggcggctcgctgattgggctggtgaaaaagcattgtgagatctgggccggtgactaaGccgggaattgccttacagaa
>ECK125136635 ybhNp5 reverse 822648 Sigma28 Weak
tcagcaggtggatgaaaccatgctgcccaaacgcacctggtggaacctgaccaaaagcgtGctggcgttccactttttacg
>ECK125136655 ybiWp4 reverse 862783 Sigma28 Weak
gggctttaatgccgacgaaacctctgtaaaagccattaccgattttgccgccgacgagctGcacgttggcgaaattcattt
>ECK125136639 ybiXp2 reverse 839274 Sigma28 Weak
acgtcgcctcaatcaacaagagcggctaccgttatcacccgggcgagccaagaaccttctTgctcacagccaatatgcatt
>ECK125136691 ycaIp8 forward 964108 Sigma28 Weak
gaaaatacgttcctcactttaaacctggtaaagaactgcgcgatcgcgccaatatttacgGttaagttttttactcaaact
>ECK125136740 yceIp5 reverse 1118641 Sigma28 Weak
ggtaaaccgatcagcgtttttggctggtttgacgtccccgcgacccttgccgacgctggcGcacaggcagactttgccggt
>ECK120009895 ycgRp           reverse 1244556 Sigma28 Weak
catgtaaaaaatattcacgcatttgtattaagttttgttaactgtgaccgataaaccaaaGacagtttgtcagtcaggagt
>ECK125136919 ydcFp4 forward 1487231 Sigma28 Weak
cagagtgctccgcttctcactattatctcacgcagtattcttaagggaacgataaggaggAaccatgaacattaccccgtt
>ECK120029596 yecFp           forward 1995717 Sigma28 Weak
gataaaaatatttattggtcattatattaacgtattttatagcactgccgatatcacgctCaaaaaacaaccactgctatt
>ECK125137166 yecHp5 reverse 1989652 Sigma28 Weak
ataaaaacacttcccagggttctgtttttcacgctttcttctgtcctgacgatctttatgAgtgatatctgcggcgcaggt
>ECK125137164 yecJp4 reverse 1987802 Sigma28 Weak
gctccggcaggtttttttgtgtcctgatgacggtggatgtgactatcgctgaagatgtgaAgtcgctactataacggcttt
>ECK125137181 yedVp6 reverse 2038202 Sigma28 Weak
gtggacgtcgccattcgcaggctccgcgcaaaagttgatgatccttttcctgaaaagctaAttgccacaatccgggggatg
>ECK125137278 yeiRp3 forward 2267742 Sigma28 Weak
caggcgctattaaacaccctcaaaatttaacgatttctgcggttaaagcggatgaagctcAccttcgtccgctctcccctt
>ECK125137304 yfaDp5 forward 2356690 Sigma28 Weak
aacctgtaaatggcagattgagatgtccacaagtcttcgctgcgaacatccgattacgctActggcccaggcgctggctta
>ECK125137357 yfdPp9 forward 2473572 Sigma28 Weak
tctgacagttgagaaaatgccgctgcctgaagcttcgcaacgttaagctgataaacattcGacgcattgcggttatgatga
>ECK125137381 yfeXp5 reverse 2550678 Sigma28 Weak
accagttcagcggggaatggcgtggtcctgaagggttaatgccttcggacgataccctgaAaaactggaaagtcagtaaaa
>ECK125137382 yfeZp3 reverse 2551921 Sigma28 Weak
acgtggtcggaacggtgatgggcggttatgacgggcatcgcgggtctgcttattatcttgGcgtgcatccagagtttcgtg
>ECK125137439 yfiRp8 forward 2741702 Sigma28 Weak
aacaatgttgaaaatgccagccaactgcatgaagtatggcaaaaaggggctgatgaaaatGccagcacaatacgattaaat
>ECK120029593 ygbKp            forward 2862197 Sigma28 Weak
cccgcattcagccgtcgatatttttgttaaggatcttggtctggttgccgatacagccaaAgccctgcacttcccgctgcc
>ECK125137491 ygdGp2 forward 2930873 Sigma28 Weak
gtaccagcgagccgcgcgtctgcctcgataaagttatcgaaaccatgtacgaaacaggtaAagatatgaacgccaagtacc
>ECK125137503 ygdRp5 forward 2971247 Sigma28 Weak
tttaagattttcctgctttcaagatatataacgtcggtttataaacagactattatcataGgtaggccaaatgaggataac
>ECK125137638 ygjQp6 forward 3236462 Sigma28 Weak
agcttgagttcgacacccgactgtggctaacgcagttgtcgcttgggcagaacaaaatctGaaaatgatgtcaggcgttat
>ECK125137703 yhcFp5 forward 3366889 Sigma28 Weak
gcctcacactgacaatggctccagcttttaaggatgaaggggaactaaccgacatgacagAtattacaggcaatctgacgg
>ECK125137709 yhcMp4 reverse 3380119 Sigma28 Weak
gttgtcttttgtttccgtagggtgttggcttcaggctccatgcctgcggctgattatgccActataaccgttaattccaca
>ECK125137818 yhiMp10 forward 3634635 Sigma28 Weak
gagactatccggtcttttaccaaataatgaagaataatccctccctggaagataattgtaAaaaacaacagcataagaatt
>ECK120009896 yhjHp            reverse 3679229 Sigma28 Weak
gtgaggaaatttaccccggccaggcggtaaagttctgcccttacgcgccgataatctttgTcgagtccgggcagcatcact
>ECK125137920 yifBp9 forward 3949984 Sigma28 Weak
catttactcccagggctgcgcgggtatgaacaattgacagtgacataagccctccttgagTcaccattatgtgcataagat
>ECK125137954 yihOp3 reverse 4065971 Sigma28 Weak
gctggctggtttcttccccggctggatgctgacgcaaattggctatgtgccgaacgtcgcAcaggctgaccacaccattga
>ECK125137988 yjaHp1 forward 4200511 Sigma28 Weak
gcgtactggccgcaacccgcagaccggtaaagaaatcaaaattgccgcagctaacgtaccGgcatttgtttctggcaaggc
>ECK125138014 yjcOp3 reverse 4297330 Sigma28 Weak
tgcctgtaacgagctggttaccgaaaacttaagcccgattacgaaaacgccggagtacaaAtactgcgccgttcgcgtcga
>ECK125109031 yjdAp1 forward 4327079 Sigma28 Weak
aaacaacacactaaatataaaattatttcttgcagtaattataaaagccgaaaacagaacTcaaaaacaatctggctaaat
>ECK125109030 yjdAp2 forward 4327064 Sigma28 Weak
atttattctgataaaaaacaacacactaaatataaaattatttcttgcagtaattataaaAgccgaaaacagaactcaaaa
>ECK125138028 yjdLp4 reverse 4356507 Sigma28 Weak
ctcactatccgggctttgaaaccgatattcacggtgcataccgtcaggctgatggccgctAtaccgttaaggtattgaaag
>ECK125138057 yjgAp11 reverse 4458046 Sigma28 Weak
tgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttgctgacggcaacttccgcaccgtccgatttgcctgAggccaactccagcgcagtgg
>ECK125138054 yjgAp5 reverse 4458081 Sigma28 Weak
attgaattcaacattctccacttcaccataacgcgtgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttGctgacggcaacttccgcacc
>ECK125138056 yjgAp9 reverse 4458065 Sigma28 Weak
tccacttcaccataacgcgtgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttgctgacggcaacttccGcaccgtccgatttgcctgag
>ECK125138086 yjhUp8 reverse 4520540 Sigma28 Weak
tgcacggtgacgaatcgctggcgatcaaaaaggggcgatattgaaccttcgattatgcttGatgggtgtattctcagtaat
>ECK125109033 ykfBp1 reverse 266158 Sigma28 Weak
ccaggaggtgacggacccgtataccaaagaaaaatactttgagtacgcccatgacggcaaActgatggggcagctactgat
>ECK125109034 ykfBp2 reverse 266227 Sigma28 Weak
tatgcaggaaaaaaccgtccagccactgatgaatgcgctgtgtattgccgataacatcaaActggaataccaggaggtgac
>ECK125136451 ykgCp8 reverse 320088 Sigma28 Weak
atcatgatttttgttttgtgattctgattaagaaaaagaaaatatcagacgataagacaaAatatcaagcgttgtgaagaa
>ECK125136737 ymdAp9 forward 1105412 Sigma28 Weak
caacctgaaagtatggataacacaaccctcaaggatgactaatcattgaggaaatagaatAaatgttcagaccttttttaa
>ECK125136821 ymgEp7 forward 1244555 Sigma28 Weak
ttgtttcaggaactgctcatggtaatgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaactgTctttggtttatcggtcacag
>ECK125136954 yncDp11 reverse 1523276 Sigma28 Weak
gcgcgatgaaaacagatgacgtaaatgcatgacgactccctttgatgaaccgatatttttGctgcttcacaatgcttcgct
>ECK125137079 ynjFp6 reverse 1841611 Sigma28 Weak
gcttcgatgcccagttcttcgcgtaactcacgcaccagcgcctgccgctgactttcatccGgctcgactttaccaccggca
>ECK120029595 ynjHp            reverse 1842163 Sigma28 Weak
ataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagttttgccacccggctaccgttatcagtagCagagacaataacgttaagga
>ECK125109029 ynjHp2 reverse 1842188 Sigma28 Weak
gcaaattaataacgagagtaatctcataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagttttGccacccggctaccgttatca
>ECK125137111 yoaCp7 reverse 1894112 Sigma28 Weak
caccaatgaaatccagggctttatctattacagcaggcatattcttatccttaaaattaaCcatgttatcgataaggctat
>ECK125137185 yodBp14 forward 2042261 Sigma28 Weak
tacggccaacagagaaagatacctgtgctcacgccattgcttatattggctggttacaatAtgcactatcaattttttaaa
>ECK125137417 yphBp2 reverse 2674795 Sigma28 Weak
ttccatatggaaaaatgcgcccatgatctgacggactggaagctgtggccgcgtaacgccAttacccatcgcttctcgctg
>ECK125137520 yqeIp8 forward 2988415 Sigma28 Weak
tttacgtaaagttttacgttgcaacattaaagcctcatttcaatcatcatgataaatataAaattaatatatatttatgcc
>ECK125137677 yraQp4 reverse 3298207 Sigma28 Weak
gagcatgaaggcgtgacgattttaagctcttcagaattacgcaaaagagctgaataattaTtcccaagaattgatagtgag
>ECK125137765 yrfFp12 forward 3526403 Sigma28 Weak
ggttactgtgatgtgcttaatgatgctcaagttaaactccacgcttgccgatagccaaccGcagaatcatgtattgtgtcc
>ECK125138050 ytfIp11 forward 4437617 Sigma28 Weak
aagttataaataaaaagagattgtatttaaagtgcaaaaattcaattgctaataagttacAttttaataatgagcgttttt
>ECK125137715 aaeBp7 reverse 3388236 Sigma32 Weak
gggcaccactgctacagtggtggtcactggcaaacaagatcgcgacgaaagccaggattcGttcttccgtaaaatggccca
>ECK120010468 ackAp            forward 2413459 Sigma32 Weak
ggtgtcatcatgcgctacgctctatggctccctgacgtttttttagccacgtatcaattaTaggtacttccatgtcgagta
>ECK125138023 adiCp7 reverse 4337202 Sigma32 Weak
acagtacgtcgtactttatttctgtctttaaagacttctacggtatgacgccgctgcattAtgttagtcagcacagagaac
>ECK125137333 alaAp9 forward 2407408 Sigma32 Weak
aagaatcagaacaattcactatataacattgcatgtaaagcatatacacctcattattttGtcattattaagttattaaca
>ECK125138020 alsEp3 reverse 4308667 Sigma32 Weak
ccgcagaaccgcttgccggtatgggttttgaaacctatgccattgccagcgccatcattgGcggcaccagtttcttcggcg
>ECK125138018 alsKp1 reverse 4307995 Sigma32 Weak
gccggacaaccgttcattcctgaaatgctggataaacttgccgaactgaaggcatggcgtGaacgagaaggtctggagtac
>ECK125137163 araHp7 reverse 1983560 Sigma32 Weak
gagcaggcagatgagcgtcaggcactgagccttgcgatgcctaaagtcagccaggctgttGcctgagtaaggagagtatga
>ECK125136917 azoRp8 reverse 1482991 Sigma32 Weak
gggcagtagtctgcctgattaattttcttttaaatgatagatatagagtaccacatcgcgGctttctatgcgttgttcaat
>ECK125136458 betAp5 reverse 327261 Sigma32 Weak
gagttacacccaggtgaagtccatccaggttgagatggctaaattccagtccatattctaAccaggaggtttatttgcaat
>ECK125136356 caiEp5 reverse 35440 Sigma32 Weak
agcgtatcgctatattcgcagcggcgtgttgaaacactatccatcggttctgcattcggaAgatgccattgaagggccgct
>ECK125137903 cbrAp6 forward 3869314 Sigma32 Weak
ggagcaaaggttatctgtttcatggcgcggtcctgatacaaaacgggtcccgccatcataCttcacaaggacttcactttc
>ECK125137155 cheWp5 reverse 1973462 Sigma32 Weak
tcaacaccaggttgtggttaaaaaccttgaaagtaactatcgcaaagtccccggcatttcTgctgcgaccattcttggcga
>ECK125137206 cldp7            reverse 2098413 Sigma32 Weak
acccgcgatctctttggcagcgactaacatcttgttatcagggctatttacgccctgattGtcttttgttacttacacaac
>ECK125136791 cohEp10 reverse 1203088 Sigma32 Weak
gccagcacaaaactggcttttttatagccattgaaaaccagccgtaagtagccaggtgttGagccaacttttccggccaac
>ECK125136792 croEp4 forward 1202883 Sigma32 Weak
gctggtctgggttggctcgcgatcaatcatagtggcaaaggaagaattcccgccaacaccAtctctcagttttctggcgtt
>ECK125137461 csiRp5 forward 2795643 Sigma32 Weak
ccgtgccaattatggctcgctggaaaaagctggtattgtggcaaaaaacacccgttcataAtacgcgctgatcatgatcag
>ECK125136715 cspHp12 reverse 1051284 Sigma32 Weak
tagtaaactactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaaccgacgcagctattaacgcatgataAttgagattaagcaaatttta
>ECK125136712 cspHp8 reverse 1051205 Sigma32 Weak
tattttagccgtccggcggtcttaaatatcgctggctttattttattaaccccgtatagtGcagcgcagtattttcagtaa
>ECK125137476 cysCp3 reverse 2874028 Sigma32 Weak
gccatctgaattcagtgcattcgaactggaattgaatgctctggttcgtcgccactttccGcactggggcgcgcgcgattt
>ECK125136989 dcpp3 reverse 1627422 Sigma32 Weak
catagcacgggatgcttaagagcgggtaatactggattgcaagattgcactccgttatcaGtaagcctacgctatggaaca
>ECK125137805 dcrBp6 forward 3609930 Sigma32 Weak
gcaggcgagttaaaggttcgttatcagagttgtgataagatggatgaatgagccgttatgGccgtttatcgaaaggaagaa
>ECK125137340 dedAp2 reverse 2434940 Sigma32 Weak
gaagtcggtgcccacaaccagccggagagctggatagcagagttgctggcggcaaaggacAgaacgctggcggcagcaacg
>ECK125137338 dedDp2 reverse 2431868 Sigma32 Weak
gccggaactctggcctggttgaaaagcgtggttgatgactggtattgtgcgccactggaaGggccgcgcggtgccacggca
>ECK125136967 dosPp3 reverse 1565743 Sigma32 Weak
aagacgaggtagaaaccgtgttgaactctggaaagccagtctttagatgcgccaggatgcAgaggtaatcatgaagctaac
>ECK125138003 dusAp9 forward 4261600 Sigma32 Weak
ttttcttttgcaatgagacaggcgcttcctgttgttatggtatagtaccccgctattgagCctcctgaatagtgatgctga
>ECK125136553 entDp1 reverse 610254 Sigma32 Weak
ggcgtatacctataacgagccgggacgtacgtggtatatgagcgtaaacacccacttctgAtgctaacgtcagattgttga
>ECK120010971 exuRp forward 3246508 Sigma32 Weak
tggaccgtgttgcagaacaaaccggcgattgaggtggcgcaggaaacacataacgatcccGcaccgcaacattaacgtttc
>ECK125138080 fecEp3 reverse 4511530 Sigma32 Weak
aggtgcgttgctgttggtggttgccgatctgctggcgagaattattcatcccccactggaGctcccggttggcgtgctgac
>ECK125138081 fecEp4 reverse 4511644 Sigma32 Weak
taccggcgtggccgcctgcggcccgattagctttattggtctcgtggtgccgcatatgatGcgtagcatcaccggtggacg
>ECK125137755 frlAp17 forward 3499759 Sigma32 Weak
tcttgcccccgcccgtaaaaatattttcactttaaattcaatttgataactacatccattAgccacagcgcgatcctgtgc
>ECK125136364 fruRp8 forward 87947 Sigma32 Weak
cgttgggctttttttgcgaaatcagtgggaacctggaataaaagcagttgccgcagttaaTtttctgcgcttagatgttaa
>ECK125136656 fsaAp6 forward 863530 Sigma32 Weak
ggggccatcatgggtcgagtagcgctgaatattgaaaatcatagttgcctctctatttcgTtcaagcattaaaatactttc
>ECK125136507 fsrp8            reverse 504767 Sigma32 Weak
tgcatccagattagaaattctgtattcggcgttgagacttccttcagacgacgcatacagGtatgttagtctggtaataat
>ECK125136508 fsrp9            reverse 504855 Sigma32 Weak
atacttctctccctgacctgatttcaacgtgttgaaaaatagtatgacgcgacatcatagAcaagtctgcgtccggtgaag
>ECK125137595 ftsPp2 reverse 3162866 Sigma32 Weak
attaatcttaatcgactgcacaacggtctggtgattgtcgaaatgctgccgccaattgacGtcagtcagtatggcaaagat
>ECK125137979 gldAp4 reverse 4139046 Sigma32 Weak
gtcagctatagagaagttcgaacacgactggaatgccgcatttggcactactcatctctaAaggagcaattatggaccgca
>ECK125137778 glgPp1 reverse 3566773 Sigma32 Weak
cttgctgatacggtttctgactgttctcttgagaaccttgcagatggcgtcgccagtgggTttgtctttgaagatagtaat
>ECK125137619 glnEp5 reverse 3199753 Sigma32 Weak
tactatgatcctgtcgtcgcgcaagcctggctggagaactggcaggggctgcatcacgctAttgcgaccgggcaacgcatc
>ECK125137780 gntUp2 reverse 3577085 Sigma32 Weak
gatgtactggtggtggatatcgatcaaccgctggaaggtgttgtggcaagcaccattgagGttattaaaaaaggcaaataa
>ECK125137771 greBp7 forward 3536780 Sigma32 Weak
caatttattcggcgaaacattattgattctgttgatatgatcacgttatacccaatgtgcGcattatcaaacagacaaagg
>ECK125137415 hcaTp6 reverse 2667928 Sigma32 Weak
aacatgcgtcgcggatctcagttttttagtgcttgtgaactggcgttacagacatcgggaAgcaggctcgaatattcttat
>ECK125137416 hcaTp7 reverse 2668053 Sigma32 Weak
gtgccttccattgctttactgatggcgtggaagaaaggggagatgaagccggcattacgcGatttcatcgccattgtgcag
>ECK125136593 hscCp7 reverse 683594 Sigma32 Weak
atttacctctgttgagcgctgggttggcgtggaaacacaggggaaatatacccagggtatGacggttgttgattattatta
>ECK125137543 idip10 forward 3032970 Sigma32 Weak
agtcgcttcaaatatatgatgctacttttttaaatggtttttacctgtcggcatccgctcAaaacgggcggttgtcgataa
>ECK125136475 insFp5 reverse 392619 Sigma32 Weak
cgccagctggcagaacgggatgaagagctggctatcctccaaaaggccgcgacatacttcGcgaagcgcctgaaatgaagt
>ECK125136904 insHp3 reverse 1428926 Sigma32 Weak
aatcagaacttataaccgacacccacgatgaaaccgtcagtgcgccagtcgccactgccgGggccttcataagcaatatca
>ECK125136407 ivyp5            forward 240329 Sigma32 Weak
taacaaatgctgatattggaaatatctgatttgcaaattatcgtgttatcgccaggctttAggaggttaataacatgggca
>ECK125136358 kefFp2 forward 47080 Sigma32 Weak
tgggggcgggtatctcgctgtttggcttgttgatttccgtagcgtttgccccggagactcGagggatgtcactggcgcaga
>ECK125137885 ligBp4 reverse 3821288 Sigma32 Weak
cttgctcacactttttgcgcaaagttgttgcgttttgcgtagctgcttccgcatttgcctGtcattcactgcaataaagac
>ECK125138121 lplAp2 reverse 4624238 Sigma32 Weak
tttacgcctgatgttgctgctctcactggcaatcggtgtagtgctgacccgcacgctgctAcagggtaaacgcacccgctg
>ECK125137505 lplTp3           reverse 2973939 Sigma32 Weak
gtatgcccgcgagcacggcgtgccggagcttgctgtaccgcgcgatattcgctatctgaaAcagatgccattacttggcag
>ECK120016340 macBp1 forward 920094 Sigma32 Weak
aaaaggttaacgacgctattttctattacgcccgttttgaagtccccaaccccaatggttTgctgcggctggatatgactg
>ECK120016341 macBp2 forward 920337 Sigma32 Weak
ttgagattgtcaaagggcttgaagcgggcgatgaagtggtgattggtgaggccaaaccagGagctgcacaatgacgccttt
>ECK125136966 maeAp4 reverse 1555727 Sigma32 Weak
tgcctgcgcaatggtgtttttgtttttatctgctttatacttgaggccgacgccctggcgGtaaagcaaagacgataaaag
>ECK125136953 mcbRp3 forward 1520096 Sigma32 Weak
tggtgatccgcgtggcgggtgatgattaaagtttcaacggcggcgtaagccgccataaaaAtccaggcaaaaagcttattt
>ECK125137260 mglCp5 reverse 2237858 Sigma32 Weak
gggattattattatctcctctgaaatgcctgagttgttagggataacagaccgtattctgGtcatgagcaatggtctcgtt
>ECK125095205 mhpTp forward 375386 Sigma32 Weak
acacgactgccggatgcgataaacgtcttgtccggcctacatttcgcccgtaggcagtcaTtaaatagttctgattacgcg
>ECK125137249 mlrAp9 forward 2214785 Sigma32 Weak
gagaattcgtgagtacgatcactcaaaatcgcctggcaaaaataaaatcaccctatagatGcacaaaaaacgggcaaaact
>ECK125136420 mmuPp6 forward 275206 Sigma32 Weak
ttccggaggcgttatgagctggcggccctttttgtatctgattattaatccccacccgctAttaagcgcccggcgcgggca
>ECK120010025 mngAp forward 765811 Sigma32 Weak
ctgacgccaaactctgtttgtagcgctgattcagtgggtaacgcatcgccaggtttaagcTcgccacgcgcaatttgttca
>ECK125136875 mpaAp4 reverse 1390639 Sigma32 Weak
aagtgatacaagatcgatgacatagcgttgaagaaaaggatttgataatccgcaaaatttGcacaacactgcctgtaatac
>ECK125136878 mppAp4 forward 1393204 Sigma32 Weak
ttttttgatggaagttgtttgcatttctttaaggcgaaacaaataattacgcatcaatttTaatgtcggttagagggaaac
>ECK125137089 msrBp5 reverse 1862584 Sigma32 Weak
ctgactcgcctcactcttcctttgggcttgagaccacatggggtcggcgccccgaattttAaagggcaattacgataaaaa
>ECK120016345 mutMp2 reverse 3811277 Sigma32 Weak
acgtactaagccggaaaaactggaactgaaaaaattcgatccagttgttcgccagcacgtGatctacaaagaagcgaaaat
>ECK125136757 pabCp8 forward 1153093 Sigma32 Weak
aaccatcaacctggataacccggatgaaggttgcgatctggatttcgtaccgcacgaagcGcgtcaggttagcggaatgga
>ECK125137407 pbpCp2 reverse 2647368 Sigma32 Weak
gccgggaacgtatcaggtaccgcaaccgatggtggaatcaatgtatgttccccaatggcgGgcgaccggcgcggctgaaga
>ECK125137980 pflDp2 forward 4143880 Sigma32 Weak
tcggcatcaagtttgaagagcgttttgctggcaagaccatcgtgcgcgtcaacatcagcgAtgcagtaaaacgtgctgacg
>ECK125136627 pglp2            forward 798539 Sigma32 Weak
caccgataccactatcggacaaaattctgcgttttaattcagcattcaccgccaaaagcgActaattttagctgttacagt
>ECK125095209 pgpCp reverse 2698638 Sigma32 Weak
tttatattccattgccgctaattgccatgaattaaaaattccagttagccatgatgcggtCgattgttgccggaaaagtga
>ECK125137933 pldBp6 forward 4009014 Sigma32 Weak
aaccgtggttgagcgaggtggtcatagtgttgattgcaccagagcctggcgacaggcttaAaatgatcgatgtcagcaggt
>ECK125137015 pntBp6 reverse 1676548 Sigma32 Weak
gctggcctgcgttgtcggttattacgtggtgtggaatgtatcgcacgcgctgcatacaccGttgatgtcggtcaccaacgc
>ECK125138117 prfCp2 forward 4609344 Sigma32 Weak
ttcgttgcacgaactggagcagctcctgtgtaaacactgattgcctcccccccgttgatgGgtaaaatagccgcaattttt
>ECK125136414 proBp11 forward 260303 Sigma32 Weak
taaaagcgtaaacaactgccgctaggcttgctgatcccgcgcaacaaaacgccatgctttGctcgcagatggttggcaacc
>ECK125137138 purTp5 forward 1930719 Sigma32 Weak
ttgtcataagcatcggcttcctttttgctggtaaacgacattttctcttcgccctcacgaAtgactacgtatttaacttca
>ECK125137883 pyrEp4 reverse 3815985 Sigma32 Weak
ggcgaagcggtttgcgatctggaatacgttgaagactctgccgcagagaccgacatgaacGtagtgatgaccgaagacggg
>ECK125136541 quuDp3 forward 573774 Sigma32 Weak
ccgaaatggggaatgaatgatgtttgagtttaatatggcagaacttcttcgccaccgctgGgggcgtctgcgcttatatcg
>ECK125137927 rarDp4 reverse 4004241 Sigma32 Weak
gcccgcgttgaattacacaatgaagaacagctttatattgccagtgccaccgccacctatAtggtaggttgaagacataaa
>ECK125137928 rarDp5 reverse 4004297 Sigma32 Weak
gcgagcgttttactgctactagtagcctgttgcgtgcaggcaataaagtcgccgtcgcccGcgttgaattacacaatgaag
>ECK125137218 rfbXp5 reverse 2109676 Sigma32 Weak
acaaactattatcatcctgaaagcgattgtggaatatgttggaatgatgaacgcattgcaAttgattggccccaaacatca
>ECK125137214 rfcp7            reverse 2107394 Sigma32 Weak
tacggttgttacaaaagaatatccattagagtggaaagttggcgacgaaccctactatccAgttaatgataataaaaacat
>ECK125136604 rhsCp3 forward 729379 Sigma32 Weak
ggcaactggtgatttttattgattgctgagttttgaatacattgaaaaccgccagcggaaAcgctggcggttttttgtatc
>ECK125136576 rlpAp5 reverse 665222 Sigma32 Weak
ggcgctaattgtgctgatggctgggttcgggattgtaatgtcaatccacacccacaggaaAatgttgtcgaaaagcgtgta
>ECK120009867 rrsEp            forward 4207863 Sigma32 Weak
agtcatttttctgcaatttttctattgcggcctgcggagaactccctataatgcgcctccAtcgacacggcggatgtgaat
>ECK125137739 rsmBp4 forward 3434991 Sigma32 Weak
gaaattgaaggacagccggttaaagtctggaaagcatcggtcattgatacggcaaccaacGctgcaccaggaacgatcctt
>ECK125137674 rsmIp8 reverse 3293553 Sigma32 Weak
cacgaatggcgagtaattgccagttgatcctggtatcatcagagctttgctgcatctgctGaagataaaaggcagaatcag
>ECK125137283 rsuAp3 reverse 2280548 Sigma32 Weak
tgctaatagtatgccatggatctttttcccttgagggatgttattagaccgctatactggGcagacaacagttcagatttt
>ECK125137144 ruvBp1 reverse 1945366 Sigma32 Weak
tcgctcgccctgacgccagcagtgaaactttaattcgcgaagccctacgcgccgcgttatGaggtaaaggatgattgaagc
>ECK125137146 ruvBp4 reverse 1945544 Sigma32 Weak
attgttgaaatgaaagaccgatttaaaggtttgcatggcgatctctttacgccagccgccGacctggtactcacgtctcct
>ECK125137408 ryfAp11 forward 2653699 Sigma32 Weak
agatattacttaaacatgtaaattcactttcctttaaaaaacaaaaaaccgccaaaatcaGgcggttttttgttgctggtc
>ECK125137259 sanAp3 forward 2232684 Sigma32 Weak
gttctggcagaaaaagccgatgcgccgttgattcagtgggatgccacctccgcaacgctgAaagctctcggctgtcacagt
>ECK125138123 sltp7forward 4630700 Sigma32 Weak
cgtaacgtggcgtaaacggcaatgactggttagcataaatctattacgcggcatgacgctGcattgatgtatttacactta
>ECK125137744 slyXp4 forward 3477431 Sigma32 Weak
caacggccattgtggtcgccagcagcgttactttaaacagtgatttcatccatatctccaGgatcggggcatctcacccca
>ECK125137343 smrBp4 forward 2448568 Sigma32 Weak
gcattcacgcgcggtgagtgaggaaaaatacgtttaaaacgatcgattgcgctacgagtcGggtaaactgtaggaaaatta
>ECK125137490 sydp2            reverse 2925369 Sigma32 Weak
tggcgtcataggtatcccggtaatcggttgattttccaagagtcaggcccgcaagtgcctGatggtttgcataagaagaca
>ECK125136992 tfaQp6 reverse 1634956 Sigma32 Weak
gtcggtattggtgctcatacgcactccgttgcgattggttcacatggacacaccatcaccGttaacgctgctggtaacgcg
>ECK125137721 tldDp6 reverse 3392075 Sigma32 Weak
tcaggcctacaaaccggaacataaccgtaggctggatagggcgttcacgccgcatccggcAgccgtaaaaaatcctctact
>ECK125136615 tolBp3 forward 777560 Sigma32 Weak
ctttgtcaggctgcgttggcagcagctaaacttgcgaagatcccgaaaccaccaagccagGcagtatatgaagtgttcaaa
>ECK125136850 trpAp7 reverse 1317339 Sigma32 Weak
gtgcctgcacgaagggatcatcccggcgctggaatcctcccacgccctggcccatgcgttGaaaatgatgcgcgaaaaccc
>ECK125137743 tusBp7 reverse 3475109 Sigma32 Weak
cagtgctggcgcgtgattacattgccacttttaaattgttgggtctgtacgacattgaacAgtgctgggtttgtgcggctt
>ECK125136348 yaaWp3 reverse 11542 Sigma32 Weak
gcgatttacagttaagcggtgcatcggtttatttcaaagccgcccgtagcgccagtcagaGcctgaatattccttcagaaa
>ECK125136371 yadDp4 forward 146959 Sigma32 Weak
aggtggctgacgatagcgcgccttgactggatactgccttcacgcaaagccacacggaagAcagggaagatggatgcaccg
>ECK125136398 yafCp6 reverse 231083 Sigma32 Weak
tggcataggtgttttttcgcacttttgactttgaaacctctattacgtcaacccttccgcActcgggagggttctactgtt
>ECK125136426 yagGp8 forward 285353 Sigma32 Weak
attcggaaataagatatgaccattgctggttaattgaatagctcattacactccattaacAcgatgttgtaattcggcaca
>ECK125136432 yagNp4 reverse 295671 Sigma32 Weak
ggtattaccataaaaaacaacgttgatatgcgttgattccattaaaaatcaacatattacAaaatatcatcaactattgat
>ECK125136463 yahNp5 reverse 346435 Sigma32 Weak
gattattttcatattacggctccagagttgttatcacactatcacccacccacattattgGgttgattaataattagttca
>ECK125136466 yaiOp5 reverse 380973 Sigma32 Weak
tatcgctaccggatgcgataaattaggttgttatatcgggcagcgttcacgccttggcgtAcaagttattattttgcctgg
>ECK125136469 yaiSp9 reverse 384708 Sigma32 Weak
tacccagtcgaacccacgggtctgaaagcccttgcttttcagttattagcaacatttaacAtttataaattaacatctggc
>ECK125136486 yajDp6 forward 430469 Sigma32 Weak
agcgcgaacacatgttgcagcagaaagtggaaaaagaaggggcggatcagccgtcaattcTgccgtaatcaagttcccgtt
>ECK125136488 yajLp2 reverse 443748 Sigma32 Weak
tgccacagcggaaaatatctcgtcgatgttgcaggatatccgcgcgctgcgccacactgaAatcgactatatcaatggttt
>ECK120016347 ybbNp2 reverse 518568 Sigma32 Weak
catggagctgcgccacagcggaattaaagtcagcctgatcgaacccggtcccattcgtacTcgcttcaccgacaacgtcaa
>ECK125136526 ybcJp5 reverse 557006 Sigma32 Weak
attgtgattgatgtcggcatcaaccgtctggaaaatggcaaagttgtgggcgacgtcgtgTttgaagacgcggctaaacgc
>ECK125136540 ybcNp6 forward 572314 Sigma32 Weak
gtgttttaagaaggagcaattctatcgattttgattttgggaaatcaacacggcataattAtgtcaccggagcctgaacaa
>ECK125136548 ybdJp3 reverse 606411 Sigma32 Weak
cgaccgctaacggaagataccttgcgattgctggaaaaaatcgccccttccgcacataaaAttggtgcatcgagcgcgatt
>ECK125136570 ybeFp6 reverse 661510 Sigma32 Weak
tccttcgcgtttgtatattttctttatcacttgcagaaatgcggtgccacgccttgctccGtaactcaccccattgattaa
>ECK125136583 ybeQp10 reverse 676624 Sigma32 Weak
atgaatattagccgcattgcgaggctcgtttatttatacttttctgacgcgacataatacGcataaaataaggcttacgca
>ECK125136591 ybeUp5 forward 679465 Sigma32 Weak
atgtgtgaatgcttcgattttctttttattttgaaagcgtcaagtttatactcatcaataAtaaaaaagtagtcagttaat
>ECK120035106 ybfEp             reverse 711939 Sigma32 Weak
gcgcgtgggcgttggcgtgactcatcgcgctgatgtattatggcgcgctatccatccgggCagaggcctggctgattgttt
>ECK125136614 ybgCp6 forward 774644 Sigma32 Weak
gattttcttcttcttttaaatcagaattctctttaaaaaattatgggccgctccaggcccAtaaatttttacgctccctta
>ECK125136612 ybgEp4 forward 774150 Sigma32 Weak
tcattctgctctacaccgcctggtgttactggaaaatgttcggtcgtatcaccaaagaagAtattgaacgtaacacccact
>ECK125136623 ybgSp8 reverse 785496 Sigma32 Weak
cggggttttacactatgaacggattaatcctggaattagcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcGcgaaaaacgagatctctcct
>ECK125136637 ybiAp6 reverse 832960 Sigma32 Weak
gttttcaggggtaatggtttttctgtttctggaaagcggctcgcaataaccaccaacataAtgcggtttaatgcccgttcg
>ECK125136646 ybiPp5 reverse 852626 Sigma32 Weak
gcggacccctttccactcttcacgcactcttgcaggtattgacccttgacgccagggtaaGcacatggcgtttgttacgat
>ECK125136668 ybjEp5 reverse 915077 Sigma32 Weak
ggctaccgggtcgggcgcgaggtaacatccctgtaaaacgcgccctcagcccacatccatGtgggctgccccggccttcag
>ECK125136682 ycaKp4 forward 949574 Sigma32 Weak
tttgattacgggccacggcaaagaaagtggcaaagtcagacatattcatccgcattagtgAaaatccttcattaactcatc
>ECK125136703 yccSp3 reverse 1023976 Sigma32 Weak
atcattggcattcctgtcggcattgcgaactttaaaattgccgctattgcactatggccgGttggtcgtcgcgtggtatcg
>ECK125136731 ycdUp11 forward 1095759 Sigma32 Weak
atttctgaatatgccaaccccggtagctttccttgaaataagtaataagccctatttgggGaatatgttaaatgattttgc
>ECK125136753 yceFp8 reverse 1146607 Sigma32 Weak
catcaacctgcaaaacgaagcgcatagtttaaaatggctatcatcaatacgctatatctgAtggaaaaaaatatgcctaaa
>ECK125136770 ycfZp5 reverse 1181380 Sigma32 Weak
gttaatgtttattattctcccgggcatcctgaaaaggctgagataaataacccgtgggttAatttttttaaatgggggttt
>ECK125136771 ycfZp6 reverse 1181346 Sigma32 Weak
aggctgagataaataacccgtgggttaatttttttaaatgggggtttatcggcattatggGcgttatttttatcgccgtcg
>ECK125136843 yciAp8 reverse 1312414 Sigma32 Weak
ctggctgccgcaaaatatttgggtcaactttaaagtctttggcctgaccgcccttaccttAatcttcacattgttaagcgg
>ECK125136847 yciEp7 reverse 1315321 Sigma32 Weak
taaagcagcgaagcttctgaaagaaaccctggaagaagaaaaggccaccgacatcaaactGactgatctggccattaataa
>ECK125136853 yciNp8 reverse 1330702 Sigma32 Weak
aagttgccagtaaggcgctcttgccaccagcgtggtatatttgtctgcaagccatgcctgGcgtagactaatgtccttgtt
>ECK125136876 ycjYp6 reverse 1392072 Sigma32 Weak
atcccaatcgttcttctatacgacgcactatctggcttaaagctgactgcgccatgctcaGgcgggctgctgcacgagtga
>ECK125136877 ycjZp7 forward 1391872 Sigma32 Weak
tggattattgctgttagtgaagctgactttattattcatcattccgttcctcatggagttGtcggttcgttttaacggttg
>ECK125136894 ydaSp3 forward 1420170 Sigma32 Weak
ccagtcataaattgatggtggttggactttaaagtggcgtgcgacctccgcctttgatttGacggatcccgatgcgatttt
>ECK125136949 ydcXp9 forward 1517354 Sigma32 Weak
gatgattttttctcaaactggtgaaaaaacttgatgcacgtcaaaaaatgacgcatatttGcgcgcgttttattcatctgg
>ECK125136958 yddEp5 reverse 1535869 Sigma32 Weak
ctggccggatagcccttcgctctccggccacttgcaggctatgatagttctccagtcacaGgagaacgttaatgaaaccgc
>ECK125137001 ydfAp6 forward 1648457 Sigma32 Weak
atcacttgaccgatatgttagtcatggctaatcttgtttgcatcaacacaccgcacggtgTtctcagcaaacagttccgct
>ECK125137013 ydgDp4 forward 1671953 Sigma32 Weak
cccgtcccgtctatagtatttatgagggtttgcttttaataatcataattacccaccagaGtgtgatatgcgtacaaccat
>ECK125137016 ydgHp5 forward 1678377 Sigma32 Weak
gatatgaaaaatgacgcagacagttacaccgtttaaatgcaataatcagccacgtttctcGttaataacaataccagtacc
>ECK125137052 ydiHp2 reverse 1765291 Sigma32 Weak
agaagggcgggtgcgcggcgtatgcaaaccgttgcatctcggttcgcgtcaccaggtctgGcagattgaaatcttcgatga
>ECK125137070 ydjOp4 reverse 1813348 Sigma32 Weak
tcccggttttgccgggagttacatgacctgaaattctgtatttcgttgctacattcattcAaaccacctgtaacaaaaagc
>ECK125137078 ydjXp5 forward 1833217 Sigma32 Weak
accggcatcgactatgaaatccgcagcatggaaaaaccgtccgatcacgcccccgtctggGcgaccttccgccgctaattt
>ECK125137103 yeaQp3 reverse 1879360 Sigma32 Weak
gatgtttgtggttggtaattatcactgatcgttgatggcgcaatttctgcgccatcgcaaAaaaaacctccgtgatgctcg
>ECK125137171 yecCp3 reverse 1997823 Sigma32 Weak
ggcgactgtgttatcgacgttgcagaaccattttgagaatcaacttaatcgccaggagagAgaaccaaaatgagtgccatt
>ECK125137173 yedEp8 forward 2008155 Sigma32 Weak
cgtcctgcatgagaagaaaagaggattgtggcattaaagccctgatgtcgccagcctttcAaggttcagagagaaatttga
>ECK125137183 yedYp4 forward 2039286 Sigma32 Weak
accggggactatttcaagaaacaaaatcttgaaagtttcttccctgagatccccgttgaaTttcatattaataaagtgaac
>ECK125137189 yeeJp8 forward 2044763 Sigma32 Weak
aacatcttaagcgccctcgacctttatggttgagggcgttttgctatgaacgccatcaccAttttcccctcgattataaaa
>ECK125137232 yegSp5 forward 2168558 Sigma32 Weak
tgtttagttgaatattaggtatatgctcttttttgaaatttatcggtggcagccgttagtAttcgctgtccccattgcaag
>ECK125137265 yeiEp5 reverse 2249711 Sigma32 Weak
ccggaataaaatgccacagtgtacgatgttgtttctgtaaggtgatattcgtcataacccTctcctttaaccgggcataag
>ECK125137276 yeiQp5 forward 2266164 Sigma32 Weak
gaacaccttacgccctcaattttcactcgttgattgatcgccctcacacttcatcgcattAacaatccagaccaatttcaa
>ECK125137303 yfaEp2 forward 2348338 Sigma32 Weak
ggtctgaataaagacattctctgccagtacgttgaatacatcaccaatatccgtatgcagGcagtcggtttggatctgccg
>ECK125137320 yfbLp3 forward 2385760 Sigma32 Weak
atgattatatttttatttcgcatataaaatccttttaaataaactcaggcaccagacataAaatatactctttgtataatc
>ECK125137334 yfbRp3 forward 2408831 Sigma32 Weak
agctgtaatcttaatttcactgccggagattgcatccggcagcgttatcccgccacaatgAcctgatgatgtcatcatacg
>ECK125137349 yfdFp4 forward 2462802 Sigma32 Weak
tttgcaaacagcctgttggcagcttgccctttcaaatcaataagcggtatccacagacaaAcctgaagggaaaggcatatt
>ECK125137355 yfdPp5 forward 2473422 Sigma32 Weak
gaaggttttttatctgacggatcatgttttgattttactgacggatccccgccagattctGacgggtgaaaacccgatttt
>ECK125137376 yfeHp3 forward 2526933 Sigma32 Weak
tggatgcaataaatcaattttatttctcaaactggaagaagcacaatagaaccatcgatcAtctggagtctttatgaaact
>ECK125137386 yffOp8 forward 2561902 Sigma32 Weak
tcaattgtggaatcgaatcaaggaaggtggcaattgctgccctgcttcgcgtcatgcgtgAaccagactttcaatgcctgg
>ECK125137413 yfhRp4 forward 2664204 Sigma32 Weak
aactacatgctgaccggtaacatcgttgctggtaacccgcgcgttgttaaagccatgctgGcgaacatgcgtgacgagtta
>ECK125137438 yfiRp7 forward 2741677 Sigma32 Weak
cggtaaaagctttcctgccagctgcaacaatgttgaaaatgccagccaactgcatgaagtAtggcaaaaaggggctgatga
>ECK125137451 yfjIp10 forward 2758928 Sigma32 Weak
gaattcatactcaattgctgtcatcggagtgtaaacatcctgctatttccgccattaataGcggaatagccatatttgcta
>ECK125137456 yfjPp8 forward 2767540 Sigma32 Weak
tgtgcacccacgactaaatttccccccctttaaacttctcaataatgtcaccaattttctGgaaatcctatgatgcctttc
>ECK125137458 yfjXp2 forward 2775888 Sigma32 Weak
ttaccagcaacatttcaccttcccaaacgcgctttattacctcatacgccagccatcgccGctggcgttttttattcacgg
>ECK125137470 ygbLp4 forward 2863569 Sigma32 Weak
ggataagcctgtctcactcgcccttaaatctggcaacttcggtgatgacgcctttttttcAcgagcccaaagagagttttt
>ECK125137471 ygbLp5 forward 2863537 Sigma32 Weak
catttccccggcgtgccgtgggtaaacgcactggataagcctgtctcactcgcccttaaaTctggcaacttcggtgatgac
>ECK125137494 ygdIp10 reverse 2943263 Sigma32 Weak
ttgatgcaccgatcgtgacgcaaaattcactttgatacaaggagagtgctaaccatcagaAttatctggatatcctggcga
>ECK125137493 ygdIp7 reverse 2943229 Sigma32 Weak
atacaaggagagtgctaaccatcagaattatctggatatcctggcgaagccgcgtaagtaAcatatgctgaatagtgttag
>ECK125137530 ygeWp5 forward 3006118 Sigma32 Weak
ttttcgtattttacaaacaaccagaagctggcatcaatttgtgatcaaccccacacattaTccgtcaaattagtcttttgc
>ECK125137552 yggIp5 forward 3089749 Sigma32 Weak
cttcctcccatcgcggaggaagccacctcttgcagtcatcttttcttcgctctatcctctGccgctatgaaaacatcccgt
>ECK125137566 yghDp4 reverse 3111307 Sigma32 Weak
ctcgccgagttgtcagcgatagccagcaccctgaaatcagcgtcactttccgacatcgaaAtgcgtggttttacctttgat
>ECK125137570 yghJp7 reverse 3119266 Sigma32 Weak
tacgttgtgaaatgttgttaattttttgtttgttgaaatttcgtaaaaatagccagatagAcatcgtataggggttattct
>ECK125137576 yghQp7 reverse 3132525 Sigma32 Weak
tcgaagattggctataacggcacaaaaattcttgagattgattccagagcgccctacagcGaagtgctggaacaggcacag
>ECK125137578 yghTp4 forward 3133977 Sigma32 Weak
actggcgtggaattaattattgacatattacgttgattcacgaaaaacccggcagtaaatAatgtattgaatattacgtgg
>ECK125137601 ygiVp3 reverse 3169291 Sigma32 Weak
gtgaagtcgataaagactggaattctgttgaaattgacgtcaaacagatccgcaaagtaaAtccgtaattgttaccgctcc
>ECK125137602 ygiWp5 reverse 3169887 Sigma32 Weak
aagcgcctcttttccctgacgaccttgtgtaaaccagtcgacgctaaaacccattttactAaggcccgttttgatgccgtc
>ECK125137604 ygiWp7 reverse 3169688 Sigma32 Weak
ttttcccttaagaagttgttaaggactatcttgttaaatgctcggaaacagacattaaagGgagtaataaacatgaaaaaa
>ECK125137635 ygjQp3 forward 3236399 Sigma32 Weak
aggagaaagagcataacaaagcgttttaccagttgtgttgtcatatggaaccccagtaccAccagcttgagttcgacaccc
>ECK125137655 yhaKp3 forward 3254291 Sigma32 Weak
aaatttgaacataccgggcagaatatctggctaacaatgtagcgtccagccccttaccatAaaaggaagtaaagagaggtc
>ECK125137700 yhcAp11 forward 3361978 Sigma32 Weak
ctatcagcgttcagtatttataagaacttgtaatacagtttttatttttacgcattaaccAgttagctataactcggacag
>ECK125137704 yhcHp2 reverse 3369562 Sigma32 Weak
tggtctggcagaagggtatctggcgctggtggaaacgtatctggcgcaggagccagcggcAtttcatgttgatttactggc
>ECK125137713 yhcOp3 reverse 3386303 Sigma32 Weak
ggtactttggccagttgctggaagaactggaaatctaccaggaaaagctacgcatctggcAagcgccaccgcaggtgacgg
>ECK125137727 yhdJp2 forward 3411617 Sigma32 Weak
gcatgaactaattcaggttagctaaatgcttgattaaaaaggcgctactcggcatggggaAgcgccttttttataggtgtc
>ECK125137735 yhdVp9 forward 3418196 Sigma32 Weak
aaatcagaaacataaaggcgctttcgggtgcctttattatttccagtgaaacccataaaaAttaataagatattcttctgc
>ECK125137774 yhgAp6 forward 3543147 Sigma32 Weak
cagggatgaaaactcgctaatacacaggtgtggagtggcgcgtagagtcgcggcattcaaAcaacaggtgaaggaacgcca
>ECK125137788 yhhAp6 forward 3586729 Sigma32 Weak
gctaccattccctgtttcgcgcgtaccgggtggaagacatcttcctccacaccatacgagAcgggcggcgcaggaggcgcg
>ECK125137815 yhhJp3 reverse 3626848 Sigma32 Weak
agcgctggatctgactgatttgtggcaactttttatcccgttactgatagccatcccgctGgtgatgggcttaagtatcct
>ECK125137781 yhhXp4 reverse 3580859 Sigma32 Weak
tctttcgttctcaatttatccacgggagtgcttgtgttcgttatgcgcactccagtaggaAccacgtccgctttgcgctaa
>ECK125137837 yhjVp3 forward 3700398 Sigma32 Weak
tccagcttaatttctttatttgcaatagttgcagttcatatccgggctgactccagactgGtagtgaaatgcgcaattttg
>ECK125137846 yiaDp4 forward 3716356 Sigma32 Weak
gccacgcgagctaaacacggtttcgccgtcggtttcaaccagcatgggcccccaatgggcGgcagtcagaacggaatatcg
>ECK125137900 yidFp5 reverse 3855790 Sigma32 Weak
cacaactggcaccaggcgggcatgttattctggatttcgattggcattctcgccatcgtgGcgctgatcctctggcactac
>ECK125137945 yihAp9 reverse 4050985 Sigma32 Weak
ctcgctctatgggtgctactttacgcctttgctttaaacaaacaatcaaccgccatcagtAtttgcacattttcagagttt
>ECK125137960 yihVp6 forward 4073532 Sigma32 Weak
cgttcacatcaaagacgcgaagttgatgcccttgctgcaataaattgctcgccattggcgAacccatttgtcctaaaccga
>ECK125137983 yijOp5 reverse 4148429 Sigma32 Weak
tcttatccggcctacagatcgcggcggtaggctggataaggcgtttacgccacatccggcAatacaactgccgcaatgttt
>ECK125138015 yjcOp4 reverse 4297134 Sigma32 Weak
tcggaggctgtttttttatccattcgaactctttatactggttactccctacccaatcgtAttatcaaaatgaaaaaaatt
>ECK125138016 yjcOp5 reverse 4297222 Sigma32 Weak
gcagtacgtgattgacgagtacaacaagttgaaaactcgcctgcgcgaagcggcactggcGtaataccgtcctttctacag
>ECK125138030 yjeJp7 reverse 4374369 Sigma32 Weak
acctttaattattcatatgcattgctgttgttactttttatatagctaacaccaataattAacctttcttttctgtttata
>ECK125138037 yjfPp4 forward 4416756 Sigma32 Weak
acaggcacttaacatcaacaccaataataaactggcaaaccggtaaataacgctattacgTttcctgctaaccatagtgta
>ECK125138041 yjfZp7 reverse 4427526 Sigma32 Weak
gggtgcatcgttatatccataatgagcgatttttgatattaatatctttcaccatccgctAttttcaccacttcagaaaac
>ECK125138070 yjgBp8 reverse 4496349 Sigma32 Weak
tcggcactgaagaggtatgcggaaaacgttgtggattatacctgtcgcacgccaccatgcAagcgccagcttgctcgcacc
>ECK125138075 yjhBp2 forward 4504020 Sigma32 Weak
actggcgtatttgaagacaatataattatttctggatattgttgaggctccctaatatttActttaagggctatattagaa
>ECK125138103 yjiAp6 reverse 4588995 Sigma32 Weak
aaaaaatatctcggccaggcggcgaagatgttgattggcattccagactacgacaactacGtcgagcatatgaagaccaac
>ECK125138097 yjiLp2           reverse 4564793 Sigma32 Weak
aggcgtgccatacctacgcggtggaatcgctggcgattaaacgtcatgtgcgccagcagcAcaacattccttatatcgcta
>ECK125136457 ykgEp10 forward 321537 Sigma32 Weak
atttgtcatacaaatgaggggtggtatgttgctagccaattaaaaaagaacgccatatttAttgatgattgatcccccggt
>ECK125136870 ymjAp5 reverse 1357810 Sigma32 Weak
tatctgatccgccgctatcgcaaagtgccgttgtatgatggtgacagaacgccggtgagtGaaacgtaatagtcggatgcg
>ECK125136913 ynbAp3 forward 1477462 Sigma32 Weak
gcgcgcaatacgggaacaagcgatgagaaaacttgatgagttgtattgatccacaacgtaAtgttttttaactatctgatt
>ECK125136983 yneKp6 forward 1615550 Sigma32 Weak
aggcattgcgcttattccgcgctctatgctggaaagtatgccggggcatcaccaggttgaAgcgtggccgttagctgagca
>ECK125137003 ynfAp4 reverse 1655699 Sigma32 Weak
gcggacgcaaaacgtaccaggagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactAtacatgatgtcaataagaga
>ECK125137006 ynfCp9 reverse 1657547 Sigma32 Weak
cgagggcgagcagaagcgcggcacagcaggttgagagtttcatcataagctccttacgcgAagataacttctttaagcata
>ECK125137047 ynhGp4 reverse 1758945 Sigma32 Weak
gatattgtcaatttcgatgtgcgtccgtggtttgaaaaaatggcgctcacccaacatctcAccccatctcgttcacaaggt
>ECK125137107 yoaBp2 forward 1893321 Sigma32 Weak
gattatgtcaggatgagggcgctttcgccagttgaagtggtgacggcgacctcacattgtGgcagtctttgcagcacgaaa
>ECK125137184 yodBp13 forward 2042308 Sigma32 Weak
ggctggttacaatatgcactatcaattttttaaataacaaattattaaaaccacatctgtAtaaggaatttttaaggttcg
>ECK125137186 yodBp15 forward 2042176 Sigma32 Weak
tacagacacgctcatcactatgacgtgtctgtatattaataagctaacccgcattgagttAaccaataacggattccatac
>ECK125137176 yodCp7 reverse 2028410 Sigma32 Weak
aatgcgcggtcaggcacattaatactcgcactggctattatgcaaaattcgccatcttcaActaaggtgaacaagtttcac
>ECK125137441 ypjDp4 forward 2747846 Sigma32 Weak
tatcaaacattgtctctcgcctggggtggaaacggttggccgcaatcgcgacacatcatcAgtattttgccgcagtataac
>ECK125137534 yqeCp5 reverse 3015234 Sigma32 Weak
tcggctacaaaactgcaacgcatttttgatacttgtatcaagaattgttccctgttcccaGggtaacatcattttccattg
>ECK125137513 yqeGp8 forward 2985819 Sigma32 Weak
tagatagggcgttaatctcccatacttaacctggtttatggtaaattgccctccattttgTttaatttgtagatgatacgt
>ECK125137549 yqgBp4 reverse 3086182 Sigma32 Weak
attcgttccccgcactctgcatctctgctttgcatacctgccgatgttatacccatctcgGcgcttctcaggattcaagag
>ECK125137556 yqgEp3 forward 3092884 Sigma32 Weak
agtaacccaccttagcgagaaggatctcgttgagactctgagtgacagcgcccttctttcCacgcatactgggcgctgttg
>ECK125137587 yqhAp7 reverse 3149575 Sigma32 Weak
cctttaagggtagacgttctcgatgcgttgataagggaaccaggaagatccctaaacctcAgaattatgcgacaaaggttt
>ECK125137591 yqhHp4 forward 3158421 Sigma32 Weak
ttttcacgcgttgatgaaattcgagtcctggagaaaaccgccgattccgcccgcattcatGttcgttttacgctgaccaat
>ECK125137644 yqjFp3 forward 3250472 Sigma32 Weak
tcaaattttttgaagatttttgacagttttccttgctaacaatcatcattcaccacgtttAtgattctctccatcgacagc
>ECK125138000 zurp7            reverse 4260114 Sigma32 Weak
tttaaaaatgaattattaattattatcgtgttgataatggtacgacaaggcaacataacaCcttacctacaaaacagaaaa
>ECK125203432 bsmAp reverse 4416869 Sigma38 Weak
atgacatgaagaaatccttagcacaagtttctgctggcggtattagttcataatgttgagAtgtgggttacgctttcgtca
>ECK120015953 cpxRp            reverse 4105686 Sigma38 Weak
gggggtgtaaaacaacgtaaagtcatggattagcgacgtctgatgacgtaatttctgcctCggaggtatttaaacaatgaa
>ECK125137689 dacBp5 forward 3328857 Sigma38 Weak
cgggaccagaagcaaaaaaataccgacccgggtacaagtcccaggtcagctacaattcacAttttgatagtcattttaccc
>ECK125140838 ddpXp2 reverse 1563201 Sigma38 Weak
tacgattccgggagattccttccttaacttcccctcttgcaccaaaactgcactacgctgCacaaatgttgatcaaaagtt
>ECK125140839 ddpXp3 reverse 1563249 Sigma38 Weak
gggttttcatttaacgtgacactgtcacttaaatactgtgatttcagctacgattccgggAgattccttccttaacttccc
>ECK120015497 dhaKp reverse 1250944 Sigma38 Weak
aaagtttcaatatggaacattcattaaagcatatgtttcactatgaaacataatttgggcTaattttcttttcccttgcct
>ECK120015496 dhaRp forward 1251003 Sigma38 Weak
tagcccaaattatgtttcatagtgaaacatatgctttaatgaatgttccatattgaaactTttacgtgtattaatacttaa
>ECK125095206 dkgBp forward 229098 Sigma38 Weak
tttttttcgtctgtatatctattattgccagaatcgcaaaaatcctctgcattttacgctCtttttcctcaacagtctgaa
>ECK125137174 dsrBp5 reverse 2024843 Sigma38 Weak
aaatcagcactcgcgcgcgcctggcgctgccagaaaaacgaaattgttctacactggcacAaagccacaggaggaaaacga
>ECK125095207 ftsBp            reverse 2872901 Sigma38 Weak
gattatgttctgcacgccctgggtatacgtaacaatggacaaatgtggtacatttgcccgCgttgtcgcggtatccccaac
>ECK125137975 glpXp2 reverse 4115606 Sigma38 Weak
cgtgcgggggcaaccccgcacacatcaataatccctcccttcccctgtgctacacttcgcGccattccttactgcttagag
>ECK125137850 glySp4 reverse 3724495 Sigma38 Weak
tcaacctgctggatgcgcgtaaagccatctccgtcaccgagcgtcagcgctacattctgcGcattcgcaccctgaccaaag
>ECK125134717 hdfRp            reverse 3948021 Sigma38 Weak
cacgctcctaattctttgaccgagctagttatggcgcggagtattagttacgcttgacagAgtgtaaaacaaaacatttaa
>ECK125095185 hofMp reverse 3522928 Sigma38 Weak
ttaatgtcgccacatccggcagttgtggctcgatgtagcggtataggccataaatcgagcCtgctcccagcagaatgcaac
>ECK125136381 hrpBp2 forward 162075 Sigma38 Weak
cgttgcggttcagacatgtgaggcactcggttatgaattaccgcgatgctacaatgtggcGcgaagaatgttaaccctctg
>ECK125137462 kbpp4 reverse 2796814 Sigma38 Weak
attaaacctgtgctcatccccgcggcgttaacgcgccgcgttcctctgctacactttctgAgtgtttccgttaacgaatga
>ECK125137140 lpxMp4 reverse 1940228 Sigma38 Weak
gcagtcagtaccggctttttttatttggtgcggggcaagttgcgccgctacactatcaccAgattgatttttgccttatcc
>ECK120015409 lsrAp            forward 1601460 Sigma38 Weak
atatgtgcaatgtccacctaaggttatgaacaaattaaaagcagaaatacatttgttcaaAactcacctgcaaaactgaac
>ECK120015494 mdtAp forward 2153979 Sigma38 Weak
ccagacagtgtttcataattcctccatttttctcccttattggctggctacactagtatcAttccgcgaaacgtttcagga
>ECK120009848 mplp1 forward 4455728 Sigma38 Weak
ctcaatgttgcgctcaggtgaatcgcgccagcaaattacggattatcctgaaatgcgtttCtcacttgcccgacatatgcg
>ECK120009940 narUp2 reverse 1544163 Sigma38 Weak
tctggctacttaatccccattctgcccccgcggttacgctttcttatctattctttcaatCagcacttcacccaattcatc
>ECK125136636 rhlEp5 forward 830783 Sigma38 Weak
agcaacgccagtcacagggataatttatgcgctgcgtcacaaaaactgctacactccgctCcctcatgacattgtggtttt
>ECK120010188 speCp            reverse 3109175 Sigma38 Weak
accagtttgacccatatctcatggggcagggttttccaccttgtccggtattcttacttcCccgaaacgggtttgcgctta
>ECK120015379 tktBp            forward 2579308 Sigma38 Weak
gtggtggaagaagatccgggcgttaaatcggtgcgcaatatctacgactactataagcaaCaccactatgaaaccattgtg
>ECK125136369 yadEp4 forward 145053 Sigma38 Weak
caaacataatttgtatgagtattaacccgcgattctgatggcgcttttgctacaataaaaGcgttgtttcaccctcggtta
>ECK125136633 ybhBp4 reverse 807930 Sigma38 Weak
atgaaacatttttttgccaataacgagaagtccgcgtgagggtttctggctacactttctGcaaacaagaaaggagggttc
>ECK125136638 ybiIp6 reverse 838484 Sigma38 Weak
tggtcggagatctgatgcttgaactgcccgagttcgtccctggattagctacacttaactGtacaagtattgatatgggga
>ECK125136839 ychEp8 forward 1298452 Sigma38 Weak
tttcgccattatagctaacagttaataaattgtagtatgatttggtggctacattagcatGttttgcacaactagataaca
>ECK120027918 yciGp            reverse 1316092 Sigma38 Weak
ccctctatcttctcgttgcgcttaatttgactaattctcattagcgactaattttaatgaGtgtcgacacacaacactcat
>ECK120033654 ydbDp forward 1475066 Sigma38 Weak
ggagaatatggctgctgaaaaattgcatctttctgaggaagtgttgtctacgttggatggTatttcgcgagaataacgaat
>ECK125136909 ydbKp4 reverse 1440846 Sigma38 Weak
cgctgatgtgggggacacaaaagcgaaaatgcagaagaaagccatttgctaaaattgaaaGattactactgggcgcgcagc
>ECK125160783 ydcSp1 forward 1511599 Sigma38 Weak
gaataaattttctcaggggcgaaggtgtgcctgcaagccgccgtctatggttaaacaaggAgatatttttacggcacggcg
>ECK125137235 yegSp8 forward 2168683 Sigma38 Weak
ttatcctccgactttcatcctgttctgactccaccttttgttttctgctctacactatctAcagaccaatcataaaggcac
>ECK125137654 yhaJp7 reverse 3254261 Sigma38 Weak
cataattcttgacctctctttacttccttttatggtaaggggctggacgctacattgttaGccagatattctgcccggtat
>ECK125137807 yhhTp4 forward 3611841 Sigma38 Weak
gacgtgaaaatcagcagtaagaatcagaatattgctggcgtgactcccgctacacttaatAcaaaaagtcacaaggaagcc
>ECK125134716 yhiMp forward 3634743 Sigma38 Weak
tggccttttgaacgctgaaaagtagcgctctgcaaagtaaaccccgctatagttatgctaTgcatttgtctttaatgatat
>ECK125137934 yigMp3 forward 4011050 Sigma38 Weak
atttatcgtaatcgttctttatttggtcagttgtcaacctgatacttcgctacaatggatAcccgttaatcaaagagtttt
>ECK125138072 yjgBp10 reverse 4496234 Sigma38 Weak
gcgatgtgtaacctttgtcacactccaggcaccccgccctgccatgctctacacttcccaAacaacaccagagaaggacca
>ECK125138122 yjjKp11 reverse 4630566 Sigma38 Weak
ttttactgcgagggtgatcgaccggctgggattaggcggggaaaaaggctacacttcgccTttgaaaactcattatcacga
>ECK125137136 yobBp8 forward 1925209 Sigma38 Weak
taaagtgaatgtcgatttggcggcggccggggtggcatttaaagaacgctacaatatgccGgtgatcgctgaagcggttga
>ECK120010964 znuAp reverse 1942661 Sigma38 Weak
gaggacgcggcgttggccaaaagaaaccgagacattttccagggaaaccagacttgtcatGttaattttagtcttgcagta
>ECK125095451 acrDp2 forward 2587550 Sigma54 Weak
atttacattaactcctttttttctccacgattggctcgtaccttgccgctacagtgaagcAagtcaagcctacaacgatac
>ECK125095447 actPp            reverse 4284935 Sigma54 Weak
gatctcctttgttctcaccggtatctacatctggcgggcgaacggcgaattcgaccgtctTaataatgaagtcctgcatga
>ECK120009973 argTp            reverse 2427849 Sigma54 Weak
tatttaacgttgaatgttactgttgtcgtcaagatggcataagacctgcatgaaagagccTgcaaacacacaacacaatac
>ECK120026316 aslBp            forward 3982781 Sigma54 Weak
aaaaagcagtatttcggcgagtagcgcagcttggtagcgcaactggtttgggaccagtggGtcggaggttcgaatcctctc
>ECK120010180 atoDp            forward 2323412 Sigma54 Weak
attagttaaataactaaatccaataatctcattctggcactccccttgctattgcctgacTgtacccacaacggtgtatgc
>ECK120033259 chaCp forward 1272422 Sigma54 Weak
agttaaagctattcgtgcggtgttgccttgcaagtggtccgtggattgcatattgtcccgTtagtggtttcaaaatgagca
>ECK125095439 crlp2            forward 257824 Sigma54 Weak
tgtgttaaaaatttgctaaattttgccaatttggtaaaacagttgcatcacaacaggagaTagcaatgacgttaccgagtg
>ECK120021266 dcuDp2 forward 3374583 Sigma54 Weak
acatcctatcacaggattgaaagtaggggaaaatggcagggttttctctttgtgcctcatCattaccataattaacggaat
>ECK120009977 ddpXp reverse 1563107 Sigma54 Weak
ttaagccagcattctggcgcttatcccggcatggcatgagatctgcataagcggaaagcgCagcaatttttgtcttataca
>ECK125136726 efeOp2 forward 1082154 Sigma54 Weak
aagtcgccgtctggtttatttatctcatcccggcgctggtggcatttgctctgccaccacGcgcaggggcgacagcgtctc
>ECK125095441 emrDp forward 3853845 Sigma54 Weak
catattctgccgctaaacaattccccattcctggcgtatatctggctaacattcatcaatGtgatagattcctctcccgca
>ECK125136496 ffsp5             forward 476399 Sigma54 Weak
cgagtgaagtcgcattgcgcaagaaaccagcatctggcacgcgatgggttgcaattagccGgggcagcagtgataatgcgc
>ECK125095446 flhDp2 reverse 1978577 Sigma54 Weak
aacctgaatctgaggcagcacctggcacggctgggacggaagtcgctgtcgttctcaaaaTcggtggagctgcatgacaaa
>ECK120010750 glnKp             forward 472556 Sigma54 Weak
ttaacttcctgctctctttctcgtttttcatttctggcacaccgcttgcaataccttcttCgtgtagcagaaccattaccg
>ECK125137767 hslOp4 forward 3529672 Sigma54 Weak
gcggaaagtgtagagaaacgcgaaaaaatggcgctggcacgtaaacttaatgccttaaccAtgccgcacccggaccgacgc
>ECK125095445 htpGp3 forward 494817 Sigma54 Weak
tcggtccggatgatatcgggcttgatcgtctggaacagcgtctggcagaggaaaaaatcaCtgaagtgatcctcgccacca
>ECK125136375 htrEp1 reverse 155518 Sigma54 Weak
atttagtgatgaggtcatgaaagtcaatggccttaatggcaaagcgaattctgcaaaagtGcatttttacgccattaatga
>ECK125136597 insHp6 reverse 689222 Sigma54 Weak
agtgcattatccggataacaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttAtacaaggcaaaccctgaaac
>ECK125137409 iscXp3 reverse 2656917 Sigma54 Weak
tcgagattgaacacgcctgtgaaaaatcctgtgcttgcaccacctgccactgcatcgttcGtgaaggttttgactcactgc
>ECK125137474 ispFp3 reverse 2871984 Sigma54 Weak
tgccattgctcataccgttgatcgcaacggcttatggcacgcgctgacgccgcaatttttCcctcgtgagctgttacatga
>ECK120010018 kchp reverse 1310523 Sigma54 Weak
aagaaagtgttctgaatagagattcaatatttaagggcacggtttttgcaaccgtgttctTgtttggcctttccttatagc
>ECK125138101 mcrCp5 reverse 4578062 Sigma54 Weak
gggcatagttacttctgctgtgggttggaagatggcacctctccggatacgcaatggcttAatgaaattgtgatgacggat
>ECK125095440 nikAp2 forward 3613439 Sigma54 Weak
agccatcgttaaacagcgtggcggcagcgcctggcaaatcgtcagcgtagacagcacctaTcactcctcgctgtcagtcag
>ECK125137953 ompLp1 reverse 4064479 Sigma54 Weak
ggtttgcgtcagctcatttttatctggccttgtgcactggcaattattgctgcattgacgAtgggattcttttacacactc
>ECK125137113 pabBp6 forward 1894779 Sigma54 Weak
aacctgcaaacattgttaactcctgctaaattgttggcgctaattatttcatgctacccgGcacatagccagtagagtcag
>ECK125137114 pabBp7 forward 1894628 Sigma54 Weak
tcaaaacgcgccacgattcgctcgccggagtggttggcacgcagctcttctgccaccagcGcgattgcctggccgctgctc
>ECK125136864 pgpBp9 forward 1339165 Sigma54 Weak
aggaaatcgccccatggggttggcagtttggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaaTtctccagataatgctggttc
>ECK125136797 pinEp3 forward 1209672 Sigma54 Weak
aaaccaacgtttatgaaaatgaagaaataacaagcaaatggcatcattcctgcttttaccAgggggatttaacatgcttat
>ECK120009957 potFp1 forward 893736 Sigma54 Weak
gttctcttttcttacaccgcgccgataaaaaatatgcacgtttattgcatatctttcagtGtgacaacttttgttcgtttg
>ECK125137395 ppkp6 forward 2622990 Sigma54 Weak
tcgcaagctccagcagtttttttcccccttttctggcatagttggacatctgccaatattGctcgccataatatccaggca
>ECK120009974 prpBp             forward 348646 Sigma54 Weak
tgaaattaaacatttaattttattaaggcaattgtggcacaccccttgctttgtctttatCaacgcaaataacaagttgat
>ECK120010019 puuPp reverse 1359373 Sigma54 Weak
gtaatccagacatttcccggatgtcgcgttatggagcgcgggcggcaacgggcttccgttAacgattaagactgtgacgag
>ECK125136411 rayTp1 forward 247544 Sigma54 Weak
catccggcagttgtacgcaggtgcctgatgcgacgctggcgcgtcttatcatgcctacgaGcccgcgaatatttgcgagcc
>ECK125137617 rfaEp1 reverse 3196926 Sigma54 Weak
ctggcgcaaaacgacattatggaagagcaggaagcgatggcgctgacccgtgcttacactAcgcttcgcgatgaacttcat
>ECK125095448 rhaDp reverse 4094385 Sigma54 Weak
gattgccggatgcggcacaagtgccttatcaggcctacaggtcggcaatagttgtaggccTgataagacgcgacagcgtcg
>ECK125138115 rsmCp1 reverse 4607868 Sigma54 Weak
caccatcaccagacggacgtgtgccgggatcgcaatggcaatctccccctgcaacgcgccAgggcgacgcagcgaccactg
>ECK125137795 rsmDp2 forward 3604297 Sigma54 Weak
tcgccatttgcgactacactcctcgctgttgcttcatggcacagcgttaacgctatgtacAtagcagctaaaaaaatgatg
>ECK120009979 rutAp             reverse 1074026 Sigma54 Weak
aacagattaataacattaactttttaaaaactggcatccgctttgcaaacaagccaatacGcggctgaaaaggatatgcag
>ECK125137050 rydBp1 reverse 1764930 Sigma54 Weak
tcttctgctgaattaaaagaagaaatctactttgcctggcgtctgggcgtgcattgatccTgacttaatgccgcaagttcg
>ECK125137393 tmcAp5 reverse 2595938 Sigma54 Weak
gtcaggggcgagtagtaccagacagtttcactcatggcacttctcagcaacgctacagctGgtttaaacgtggtttcgaca
>ECK125137018 tusp2             forward 1684173 Sigma54 Weak
aactgggtggtgcccgcttctcgtttagctggccgttatggcataacatcccgcaatttaCctctgcctgacactacgcgc
>ECK125137946 typAp1 forward 4058230 Sigma54 Weak
accatcgtgcaaaagggctgcaccacgatgtgaatgttgcaccaatatagtgcttcaatgGaaacattaagcaccatgttg
>ECK125095438 yaaUp forward 45592 Sigma54 Weak
cacattgttgtgaaggccgatgctgataaacaggcgctggagctgctggtgaaagcgtgcCccgcaggtctgtacaagaag
>ECK125095437 yahEp             forward 335739 Sigma54 Weak
cagaccaaccatgtaggctggacgccgctactggaagcgattgtgcttaatgatggtggtAttaaacagcaggcgattgtg
>ECK125136534 ybcKp1 forward 568787 Sigma54 Weak
tttattttttatgtattcttttgtgctttcaagattatggcgtaagaaaattgcaatacgAttattgttgtatattcaaga
>ECK120010017 ybhKp reverse 816692 Sigma54 Weak
agaggtagaagaaaatagtttgtatcctcaatattggcaggttaattgctgtttccccgcAatttgcgctactgtagcgcg
>ECK125136644 ybiOp5 reverse 845664 Sigma54 Weak
atgcgctacgcttatcaggcctacaggatatctggcaacttattaaaattgcatgaacttGtaggacggataaggcgttca
>ECK125136805 ycgGp7 forward 1217307 Sigma54 Weak
tctaccatgctctctgtagatgccagcgcgagcgaatgaatggcattttcatgtattaaaCcctttggccgggacaagcaa
>ECK125136812 ycgNp1 forward 1228683 Sigma54 Weak
tcaaggccggtgacgttgtgttgacaggcacgcctgatggcgtcggcccgttgcaaagcgGtgatgagctgacagtcactt
>ECK125136868 ycjDp5 reverse 1351896 Sigma54 Weak
ggcgaggttgtcgagcgaggcagcaccgcggatgtgctggcatcgccgctgcatgaactcAccaaacggctgattgccggt
>ECK120009975 yeaGp1 forward 1866815 Sigma54 Weak
atcaccgggcacgttgttctcatcgtcgataaaatggcatgagagttgctgtgttttagcAagagacgtcgttcagtttac
>ECK125137127 yebVp2 forward 1921715 Sigma54 Weak
acgcctgacagcgcacaaaaaaagcgcactttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactAggctgaaaaatggtgcgatc
>ECK125137263 yeiBp2 reverse 2243073 Sigma54 Weak
gtctcgatcgacgcggtgcattactgcgtgaaggcgcgtggcatccgcgatgcaaccagtGccacgacaacgacctctctt
>ECK125095444 yejHp             forward 2280622 Sigma54 Weak
ctaataacatccctcaagggaaaaagatccatggcatactattagcagaataatctacctAcgcgagaccatgatttttac
>ECK125137368 yfeAp6 reverse 2517892 Sigma54 Weak
ctggtgaaagcatcattggatgaaaaatcggcaacaggctggccccctgtttgcttcgcgAtgcgaataaacttattattt
>ECK125095443 ygfKp           forward 3015992 Sigma54 Weak
cctcacatttttttatatttcccgccaaacctggcaagagtggtgcgattgttgctctatCcccctaaaccaccggatttc
>ECK125137557 yggMp1 reverse 3099757 Sigma54 Weak
cgaagtggatgatgcgaaatacggcttcgtcgcctctggcacgctgaacccgcaaaaagcGcgcgttctgctgcaactggc
>ECK120009976 yhdWp forward 3418972 Sigma54 Weak
cagcttattgcgacgcgaaatcgtgcgcaaaagctggcactacttttgcttataagaggaTggccacagacaggtaaaaga
>ECK125137748 yheVp1 reverse 3478985 Sigma54 Weak
cagtgcgttagagctggggcgcaagacgctggtcacgcttggcatgcatccgcatcaggcAcagcgagcgcaactgcattt
>ECK125137797 yhhMp1 reverse 3605794 Sigma54 Weak
agggttaacggtttaaacacccagcgttgccaggttggcccacgatacgatgcatccacaGatagccatgcggaaagacag
>ECK125137823 yhiDp1 reverse 3656110 Sigma54 Weak
atttattgatctgaatccaaaagcaatgaccccggttgcatggtggatgctgcatgaagaAacagtatataaaggtggcga
>ECK125095442 yhjCp           forward 3672136 Sigma54 Weak
aaaacaattttgaggatttccttatattggtggttagtacgcatgcaattaaaaatgaaaTtccgcgaccacaagccaaaa
>ECK125137948 yihLp1 forward 4060372 Sigma54 Weak
ctcccttataagtctgtggttacgtcaatagagagctttgtcacaattatctgcaaagtcAtacgccgttaattgctttct
>ECK125137990 yjaAp3 forward 4213224 Sigma54 Weak
ttagaaaaaccccggtccataaggccggggttttttgcatatcaattatttgcatgatgaAgggaatctcatgtcagttct
>ECK125137987 yjaGp4 forward 4199373 Sigma54 Weak
ctaccggccatcgggtcagcgtggacagcgcgctggcgtgggtacaacgctgcatgaaagGctatcgtctgccggagccaa
>ECK125138085 yjhUp1 reverse 4520381 Sigma54 Weak
tttcatgtaaaagaataaaatatctgtataaaatcatgccactggcaatctgcatcaactCtccgggtaaacagggttaag
>ECK125138125 yjjXp6          reverse 4633899 Sigma54 Weak
cgctactgatgatatgcgtaatgccaagctctttggcacgggttgccacctgcatcgcctGttgctcacctttggcggtca
>ECK125137512 yqeGp5 forward 2985741 Sigma54 Weak
aaggaaatatgcctgagcagcagtcagagacataactggcacgtaaggtttgcaaccactAacccaccaatagaggggtag
>ECK125137737 yrdBp1 reverse 3430062 Sigma54 Weak
aatgctggtggcacaggcggctcatgcctttcttctctggcacggtgttctgcctgacgtAgaaccagttataaagcaatt
>ECK125137738 yrdBp4 reverse 3430088 Sigma54 Weak
tcaaagcgtaatgctgatggtttaggaatgctggtggcacaggcggctcatgcctttcttCtctggcacggtgttctgcct
>ECK125138044 ytfFp6 reverse 4433131 Sigma54 Weak
aagccatctttttaatgttaataactagttaattaaagtggcatcctcccgcatcctctcTgataatgacgggatgccggg
>ECK125137976 zapBp1 forward 4118386 Sigma54 Weak
tgtggattatgtcaccaggagaaggatgaaaagtgtggcaaaccgtaatctgcaaggcgtGccgctggacagcgatggcgc
>ECK120010765 zraPp           reverse 4201712 Sigma54 Weak
gccagattacccgtcatatcagcgtttcatcgttggcacggaagatgcaatacccgaagtAagacaaccactggaggatta
>ECK120010766 zraSp           forward 4201905 Sigma54 Weak
tgtgttacagcgcagggtaagcgctgataaaagatggcatgatttctgctgtcagaaaggGatgagcaggcaaagaagaag
>ECK125137720 aaeRp10 forward 3389381 Sigma70 Weak
acgggaaacagactcatgttgaccttggttgtaaagagagagcaggcgttattattttcaGcatctgtcgccgcagagaag
>ECK125137717 aaeRp6 forward 3389477 Sigma70 Weak
gcgagagcaacattgctgtagattgatatttaatatattagcgtaactgttatgctgttaTctatattatgtgatctaaat
>ECK125137718 aaeRp7 forward 3389461 Sigma70 Weak
gggcatggaaagccgggcgagagcaacattgctgtagattgatatttaatatattagcgtAactgttatgctgttatctat
>ECK125136673 aatp5            reverse 927460 Sigma70 Weak
tgcttgccagacaggggcgttattaccagttcaagcagggtttgtaagctattattgaacGatccgacttgcgtggagttt
>ECK120015500 acrDp            forward 2587475 Sigma70 Weak
aaagtcagttaatgtaatgcctcctactgaccaaagaatacttgcacttaaggttcagtaTaaaagggcatgataatttac
>ECK120016232 acrEp            forward 3413702 Sigma70 Weak
ttacgaggttttaattctgcctctttcaacccgcgtcaaaataaaacagtagaatattaaTctttttttgtgtttatgtgc
>ECK120015959 acrRp            forward 485699 Sigma70 Weak
gatttcaaattggtcaatggtcaaaagttaataaacccattgctgcgtttatattatcgtCgtgctatggtacatacattc
>ECK120009980 acsp1            reverse 4287595 Sigma70 Weak
aataaccacactgtgaatgttgtctttaatcaattgtaagtgcatgtaaaataccactttAgagttagtcagtatcttcct
>ECK125137021 addp6 forward 1702202 Sigma70 Weak
aacgtaaaaaatcgttgcgcaatcgtggatttttaccctgctttgtttttataatggtgcGcacttttatatccagaaaaa
>ECK125137899 adep7 forward 3843930 Sigma70 Weak
ttcaattgcacattaatggatattctttaataatctcgcgacgtttctttatgataaataAtaatcaaattgataaaatca
>ECK125137309 aisp4            reverse 2365756 Sigma70 Weak
taagaaactaatattagacgtaaatattgaaatttttatattttttcttatttaggctttGcatttggcaaaattttgagg
>ECK125137311 aisp8            reverse 2365698 Sigma70 Weak
ttgcatttggcaaaattttgaggcattttgccgacatcgtaggatttttaatattacaccAactgcgaattatcgccagaa
>ECK120030790 alaCp            reverse 2498399 Sigma70 Weak
agataaatttcctgtttttaaagcagagttcctcatttaacgtcattaataaaatgttctAaaacgctggacagacagaaa
>ECK125137464 alaEp11 forward 2799087 Sigma70 Weak
ctgactaaataaaaatttttcactaattgattagtcatagccagcgatatacgctatgcgAaaatgcagatggcaatgaga
>ECK120010611 alaWp reverse 2518253 Sigma70 Weak
actacacgttgcaatttgccgttgacacattcgggcggaattcatatgatgccgcccgtcAactcgacaagctttacgtga
>ECK125137370 alaXp4 reverse 2518306 Sigma70 Weak
aatgcgagcggttttccaaaattgttcatttgcctgatttttcagcgattgaaactacacGttgcaatttgccgttgacac
>ECK120010162 alkBp            reverse 2309445 Sigma70 Weak
aaagcggtacgggccgttgccagcgcctgtgccgccaacaagctggctatcataatacccTgtcatcgggtggtccgtggt
>ECK120015473 allDp            reverse 546411 Sigma70 Weak
aataaattctaactatatttttttgcctgtctggatcacataatccagatattttccctgTatgttaattgcagtcatgct
>ECK125137640 alxp4            forward 3238370 Sigma70 Weak
aacagtgtaaaaggtatgtaacagaccattgactggctgaatggtctgtcatactttgttAcctgcaaaggggagtaactt
>ECK125137497 amiCp6 reverse 2949189 Sigma70 Weak
tttaccacggcacacctctttgcatgattattcgaaattagtgtatttttattctgttttTtcgcagggtgcaagtgtaaa
>ECK125137498 amiCp7 reverse 2949066 Sigma70 Weak
taaaaagaatgtttaccgtttattagatgacagattatgcgtctttcgctaaagtttccgGtcaaattagtcgtttacttg
>ECK120015384 amyAp forward 2006115 Sigma70 Weak
gctccgcaggataacctcttttgaatctgaatgagtcgatggctcgcgaataatccgattAcggctacgcttctaatgttc
>ECK125137027 anmKp9 reverse 1719673 Sigma70 Weak
acattcatgatgattattgatttgaagataatgttttactaccaacggtaaaaatcggtcAttccgcatggtattcacgaa
>ECK120010165 appCp forward 1037710 Sigma70 Weak
ggcgaatacctctggtcgtagagtttcaggataaagagggagatctaccattatcgggttAtttttctctcttcgcctaca
>ECK120020532 appYp forward 583567 Sigma70 Weak
aataaaaaacaacatacatataataatttaatcttaaatgaaatttattaaaatttgcaaActataattttgtgtataaaa
>ECK125136670 aqpZp3 reverse 916133 Sigma70 Weak
aatcaaatttactggatttatttatctggtgaatgactcgccttcgtttttaaaatagccGcgcattatttccgtcgtcac
>ECK120020530 argAp            forward 2949156 Sigma70 Weak
gtcatctaataaacggtaaacattctttttatattcacggcattactgataaaaaagtcgCtctcgcataaaatttacact
>ECK120010080 argGp            forward 3318562 Sigma70 Weak
tttacaaaaaacacactaaactcttcctgtctccgataaaagatgattaaatgaaaactcAtttattttgcataaaaattc
>ECK120010588 argUp            forward 564703 Sigma70 Weak
cagcaaccagatcaaaagccattgactcagcaagggttgaccgtataattcacgcgattaCaccgcattgcggtatcaacg
>ECK120010595 argWp forward 2466308 Sigma70 Weak
agcaatcgagcggcagcgtacttaccccgcactccattagcgggtatactcatgccgcatTgtcctcttagttaaatggat
>ECK125137993 arpAp8 reverse 4222513 Sigma70 Weak
atatttctttagttgtaatcatattaaattttttcactgttctgatagttaaaattcaagAcatcaataaacaatgagata
>ECK125137994 arpAp9 reverse 4222691 Sigma70 Weak
agaataagggtgtctgttaatcgcattgacgccaaaataacttaatgtcatacacttcacAcacttttattaactcagcat
>ECK125135022 arrSp            reverse 3658054 Sigma70 Weak
caagaataagttatcaataaccagtttgtgatctctgaagaatattactaaagttaaaatGtaatccgatttaaatatcga
>ECK120016939 ascGp            reverse 2839287 Sigma70 Weak
aatatttttcccgccgattgtgcaaggacaatcggcaaacggtgcagtacactgcgttgaTtgcgtgtaaagggatgaaaa
>ECK120010591 asnTp            forward 2044541 Sigma70 Weak
aatgacttatgaaatttagtgttgacagacaaggtaccgctaagtaatattcgccccgttCacacgattcctctgtagttc
>ECK120010592 asnUp forward 2059845 Sigma70 Weak
ttggggaatttaaaaatcgggtttgacaaaagatttttcgccgttaagatgtgcctcaacAacgattcctctgtagttcag
>ECK120010593 asnVp            forward 2062252 Sigma70 Weak
caaaaaaatgcatttcaccctttgacatcaccatgcactgccattaatatgcgccccgttCacacgattcctctgtagttc
>ECK120010586 aspVp            forward 236913 Sigma70 Weak
ttcaaaagatgagaaaaaccgttgacgaaggtcgaggcaatccgtaatattcgcctcgttCccaacggaacacaacgcgga
>ECK120009851 astCp1 reverse 1832013 Sigma70 Weak
ggctggcacgaaccctgcaatctacatttacagcgcaaacattacttattattaacatatAaataacgaattatttactgt
>ECK125137912 atpCp1 reverse 3916059 Sigma70 Weak
ctccctgaaagacaccatccgtggctttaaaggcatcatggaaggcgaatacgatcacctGccggagcaggcgttctacat
>ECK125138022 basSp4 reverse 4333477 Sigma70 Weak
ccgtcaggtatggatgggcggtgaagagttgattctgacgcccaaagaatatgctctgctGtcacggttaatgctcaaagc
>ECK125137855 baxp5            reverse 3737221 Sigma70 Weak
ttggggtgctcttgacagctatttttgatatgatttgagattcaactctcaaatttgtgaAaaatataaggtgttggaatg
>ECK125137856 baxp7            reverse 3737234 Sigma70 Weak
tttggactattccttggggtgctcttgacagctatttttgatatgatttgagattcaactCtcaaatttgtgaaaaatata
>ECK120016406 bcsBp            reverse 3692673 Sigma70 Weak
agggcatattccgtgtgctgacttctctggtttcctgggttgtatcgtttattccgcgccGcccggagcggagcgaaacgg
>ECK125137836 bcsEp11 forward 3696395 Sigma70 Weak
aaaatcacacgtcttgtgaccttctaaattgattcacatgctaaatctgataagttttaaTttcaatggtaggtttatttc
>ECK125137835 bcsEp8 forward 3696322 Sigma70 Weak
tacggcgagacgggaatttgctcactttttgactttccgttacgcaacagaaaaagttaaAaacgaaaagactaaaatcac
>ECK125095201 bdcAp reverse 4474064 Sigma70 Weak
ttacaaaacctgttgacagaaagttaaaacagttttgtaatgcatgttacataataaatcAaggagtccttatgggcgctt
>ECK125138058 bdcRp4 forward 4474096 Sigma70 Weak
acctgtaaaagcgcccataaggactccttgatttattatgtaacatgcattacaaaactgTtttaactttctgtcaacagg
>ECK120015385 bglXp            reverse 2222120 Sigma70 Weak
cactccttgtggtggcgaaaaaatatcacaaactagaatagcgccttgtataacaattcaGcgagtgaatattttgaaaat
>ECK125136763 bhsAp8 forward 1168981 Sigma70 Weak
gctttctatttaactgaaatttaaagatttttaaattaattaatgattgttataaaaaatAtcttgtatgtgatccagatc
>ECK120010997 bioAp            reverse 809292 Sigma70 Weak
gtgagccatggggcttctccaaaacgtgttttttgttgttaattcggtgtagacttgtaaAcctaaatcttttcaatttgg
>ECK120010998 bioBp            forward 809302 Sigma70 Weak
gatcgtccgttgtcataatcgacttgtaaaccaaattgaaaagatttaggtttacaagtcTacaccgaattaacaacaaaa
>ECK125137841 bisCp3 reverse 3716486 Sigma70 Weak
tgttaatccttaataacctttttattctttgccacgggttccgtggcgggagattatgccGcgtgaacatgaagattattc
>ECK125137844 bisCp7 reverse 3716513 Sigma70 Weak
ggcaataagataaacacgtttcttcattgttaatccttaataacctttttattctttgccAcgggttccgtggcgggagat
>ECK125136804 bluFp7 reverse 1215613 Sigma70 Weak
taaaacaatgtgttatgataaaacatattgcatcatttaactgacaatctatacaagattTttcgccaactagtgttcaac
>ECK125136658 bssRp5 forward 878246 Sigma70 Weak
tttgctcaaaaaatagccatactatttaattgcaacaaggctgggaagaggaggatcgaaGtatgttcgttgacagacagc
>ECK125137907 cbrBp3 forward 3897479 Sigma70 Weak
ggttgggatattacggcatagttcttcacactcccttcacttaccccgcttaaattggcgCtcaaaggtaagtaaagggag
>ECK125230250 cecRp            reverse 830669 Sigma70 Weak
cgttgctaaaattcttagccatactggacaactcccctatggagtcataatcttaatcaaTcatttgattaagaatggact
>ECK120010764 cedAp reverse 1813742 Sigma70 Weak
tagaccaccagccagatcccgcttcggagactattctggaaacggtgttatgaaatacacGcaaagcgggacgtacagggg
>ECK120035107 chop             forward 1823492 Sigma70 Weak
gtaacctttgtcatcgacccgcctcttttttaatcgcttcccgcctgttacactggatagAtaaccagcattcggagtcaa
>ECK120009877 chpSp1 forward 4448402 Sigma70 Weak
atctattaacgcataaaaaactctgctggcattcacaaatgcgcaggggtaaaacgtttcCtgtagcaccgtgagttatac
>ECK120009878 chpSp2 forward 4448428 Sigma70 Weak
tggcattcacaaatgcgcaggggtaaaacgtttcctgtagcaccgtgagttatactttgtAtaacttaaggaggtgcagat
>ECK125136564 citTp6           reverse 646603 Sigma70 Weak
ctgatccttacctggtttttagcacagatttaattatttaagcacttgataaatttggaaAtattaattttcggagaaccc
>ECK125136382 clcAp10 forward 175052 Sigma70 Weak
tcttagagtataaaagttttgtgcatttgaaacattacgctttgcaaaggattttcatggAacgtgcgagtaaaatgccgt
>ECK125137205 cldp6            reverse 2098375 Sigma70 Weak
cagggctatttacgccctgattgtcttttgttacttacacaacaattcattatttttatcActtatcctatagcattcacg
>ECK125136671 clpSp6 forward 922750 Sigma70 Weak
agagaattagggcgagccgtcaagcatttgacaggggacaaggggcaggtatgaatcaaaAatttgaagcagttaacgcta
>ECK120010689 cmoMp forward 973404 Sigma70 Weak
acatcagcggaagtggcagcaacatattgccaatcacttttttcagtgtaaaaagcatccTttctggttccttttttaacc
>ECK125137026 cnup10 forward 1704812 Sigma70 Weak
attatcttgttcgatgttgttggtgattgtcagggatagtaaagcgcgttactcttttcaGagcagtttttcatccctgaa
>CK125137023         cnup7 forward 1704873 Sigma70 Weak
agcagtttttcatccctgaatatttgccatcagcgcattcttattattgtaataacacaaGcgttcacttttggtgaaatt
>ECK125137025 cnup9 forward 1704761 Sigma70 Weak
ctgcccgtccgggtgcatgttttcacttgtcggatattaaaccaggaatttattatcttgTtcgatgttgttggtgattgt
>ECK125137197 cobTp8 reverse 2064601 Sigma70 Weak
gccgctatttttgctgccgtattattgccgggtatgcatggtgtggctgctatggtggtgAcgatggtggcgattttcatc
>ECK125136789 cohEp8 reverse 1202955 Sigma70 Weak
tacctccggtgtacatattacatgattgaaatgaaccttcaagatacttgtaccttaacgGtacaagggttttaatttcgt
>ECK125136790 cohEp9 reverse 1203014 Sigma70 Weak
ggccaactcgccctgctgttctttggttaaagagtcccaatacgctttcatacaatatgtAcctccggtgtacatattaca
>ECK125136762 comRp3 reverse 1168863 Sigma70 Weak
agcaattatttttatgggatctggactggtgaacggaggtgattatttttataataacctTtcattcacagtcaccaggta
>ECK120010545 corAp            forward 4001194 Sigma70 Weak
gttctgtggtgttctgttgcgtgttgacggcaaaattttgctggcgtaacatgcgcgcacGatcactctaagaggacattc
>ECK120010546 creAp            forward 4635477 Sigma70 Weak
ttagggcttgacggaaataaaagtattgagattttgttcttaatcaatatgttatttaccGtgacgaactaattgctcgtg
>ECK125136793 croEp5 forward 1203006 Sigma70 Weak
acccttgtaccgttaaggtacaagtatcttgaaggttcatttcaatcatgtaatatgtacAccggaggtacatattgtatg
>ECK125137495 csdAp3 forward 2943207 Sigma70 Weak
atcttctccttaaagcgattaataaatcttaatagtattgattaacaggctaaaattaacGcctaacactattcagcatat
>ECK125137116 cspCp8 reverse 1907509 Sigma70 Weak
aagtcctgagtaaacacgttgacgttgaataccgcttctctgccgagccttatattggtgCctcatgcagtaatgtgtcag
>ECK120034386 cspEp1 forward 657147 Sigma70 Weak
gtactttgcctggatgcgctttcagttttgagacaaatgaagttttagtaacttctttaaAatcaatagctaaaataagta
>ECK125136996 cspFp6 forward 1641765 Sigma70 Weak
ttcaaaccgacgcaatcattaacgcatagttgaacatatgaagcaatgtttattttagacAtccagccatcttcaacccca
>ECK125136997 cspFp7 forward 1641690 Sigma70 Weak
actcaaagaaggaataagtgaataacacctgaaatgagaactgctttagtaaactacttcGtatatcgtctgttcttcaaa
>ECK125136713 cspHp9 reverse 1051330 Sigma70 Weak
gagagactcaaaagaaggggataatgcctgataatgagaactgctttagtaaactactttGtatgctgtctgtctttcaaa
>ECK125137724 csrDp4 reverse 3403425 Sigma70 Weak
ataagtggtcctcatgtgcatgatggattggaaaataatttctgaagactatactcgctaAtggaaaagcaaagccgatga
>ECK125136514 cueRp6 forward 513974 Sigma70 Weak
gatattcgcactggcaaaaaaacgtgcttgaatatctgttgaaaccctttaacaaagcacAggaggcgttgcgcgaacgat
>ECK125137150 cutCp2 reverse 1959267 Sigma70 Weak
catccgtggtccattgaagagatcgttgccagcgagcagtcggcgtaattaaggagtaaaAatggcattactggaaatttg
>ECK125136817 cvrAp6 reverse 1242164 Sigma70 Weak
ataacacccgggaaggcactcagttgacgattagcggtcatcctgttcttaaaatgtaaaAaaatcacgcttcagggctaa
>ECK125136921 cybBp6 forward 1490887 Sigma70 Weak
ggtgaacaatatttaatgaaattttgagaaaagcccgttatgttaacggaaaattatgttAaagcaggaaatgttatggaa
>ECK125136489 cyoEp3 reverse 447770 Sigma70 Weak
gatgaaggctggaacatgacggcgtttgtcttcaccgtgctaatcatcgctatcctggttGtaggctccatctggattatg
>ECK120010149 cysBp            forward 1333788 Sigma70 Weak
atacactaaggctataaatgatatagtggttatagttagcaccttttttattattaaatcGtattagtcacccgccaggtg
>ECK120022294 dacCp forward 880653 Sigma70 Weak
gcaggatattgcataaactttaaaaactttaccaacttacggtttctttaagtttgtgtgTgcgttattaatcaccaaact
>ECK120009913 dcuDp forward 3374766 Sigma70 Weak
tacaaaataatcataagcgcatattttttaatgaaaaatcacctcacctacaattaaaaaCacgacatccgcaccataaat
>ECK120029294 dicBp            forward 1649597 Sigma70 Weak
attgttaactggttaacgtcacctggaggcaccaggcactgcatcacaaaattcattgttGaggacgcgataatgaaaacg
>ECK120051380 dinBp            forward 250880 Sigma70 Weak
cgcgttaaatgctgaatctttacgcatttctcaaaccctgaaatcactgtatactttaccAgtgttgagaggtgagcaatg
>ECK120010093 dinGp            forward 833073 Sigma70 Weak
ctgaaaaccgaaaaatgccacaatattggctgtttatacagtatttcaggttttctcatgGcattaaccgccgcgcttaaa
>ECK120049203 dinJp            reverse 246615 Sigma70 Weak
gtatcccggatcgtttctgaacaaacttaataaaccattattataaaattaacatatataTttcagttaattatgtaaaaa
>ECK125136360 djlAp3 forward 57268 Sigma70 Weak
aatagcgtcagtggtgttaggcacggcattgaatgacaggtatgataatgcaaattatagGcgatgtcccacaattgaccg
>ECK125137252 dldp7            forward 2222082 Sigma70 Weak
cagcgaaaatggtgcaaaaaccgtagtttgccataagcatgatggagagagaaaaagaatGctcagtttattgtctgaatt
>ECK125137105 dmlRp3 reverse 1881855 Sigma70 Weak
tcattgggttctcacttcctgaccatcaaaattgacaacatcaccatcctataattgactGaaaaggaattaatccccgta
>ECK125136815 dsbBp6 reverse 1233147 Sigma70 Weak
ttatgcaaatgggctggatagcaacgctttgataacaacttaccgggcatataaatgcccGgtttgccttttcgcccgata
>ECK120011037 dsdCp reverse 2477746 Sigma70 Weak
aaaaaacaacgcaggctgacaaacgataaaatttgcctttcacatgaggtaaattgcatcAatggagtgatttacatctaa
>ECK125136605 dtpDp5 reverse 742622 Sigma70 Weak
gtatatttatgcaatcagacagcatattgcataaataatcagatctgtatcaaagttttaActttaaggaaacacaagcac
>ECK125136607 dtpDp8 reverse 742670 Sigma70 Weak
ccgacgccaaaagacgcaaattgtttatatcatcacgcttcagctaatgtatatttatgcAatcagacagcatattgcata
>ECK125138002 dusAp6 forward 4261658 Sigma70 Weak
agcctcctgaatagtgatgctgaataacataaccccatgatatatcgataaaataatctcTacatttgaaaatgcacggta
>ECK120015437 dutp forward 3813852 Sigma70 Weak
tgtttcccagccaactcaaggatttaacagcgacaacaacgcattacaccttttctggcaGgacggagataaagtcttacc
>ECK120011034 ebgAp forward 3222551 Sigma70 Weak
tgctgccgtttattttcgtgatccagttaaagtaaatgcatttacctgctactttttagtAaaaattttactaaactcccc
>ECK125137289 ecop5            forward 2303797 Sigma70 Weak
atttctgctggtttgctctctcattagaatttaacactaaaagagcaggtaaaattgtctGaatgttctttaagttattca
>ECK125136725 efeOp1 forward 1082243 Sigma70 Weak
taacaaatacgacgcaaactcttgcttagttacaacatactttaaagggatagtctcgtcAtgaccattaacttccgccgt
>ECK120009875 efpp forward 4375567 Sigma70 Weak
aaagctttttggcgctgcgtccggctaacagtttttcctccgcgtctatattcaaaagacGcagaagttcatcaggatcgg
>ECK125137314 elaAp3 reverse 2381614 Sigma70 Weak
atattgccgtgacattgcgcgtgcgggttggcacaccggctgaagtacctaaaaaaattaAttccatgagttcatcacgtt
>ECK125137317 elaDp8 forward 2382654 Sigma70 Weak
cacacaggcatattgagcgatttttgatatttattcatctccttacgcactatattcagaGcaataagttgcctcttttca
>ECK125136694 elfAp7 forward 997808 Sigma70 Weak
agatttgtcacttattggatttagtatgcttgatttaaatggcggacaattattgttattAttaagtctaatgtcatttaa
>ECK125136819 emtAp4 forward 1243125 Sigma70 Weak
agtgaaacagagacatggcaattccttgctgacaacagaaacgaaatgtatatcatgccgCttaggtgtgccgttgtcacc
>ECK125136554 entDp2 reverse 610141 Sigma70 Weak
tgaacgccttatccggcctacaaaaatcttgccaattcaatatattgcaggaccatgtagGcctgataagcgtagcgcatc
>ECK125137733 envRp14 reverse 3413633 Sigma70 Weak
ctactgttttattttgacgcgggttgaaagaggcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatAtatattgatgtagtgaatgt
>ECK125138031 epmBp3 reverse 4375703 Sigma70 Weak
taaggttcgccgtctaacatgattttaagaccagcacgaaaatcgttgctatagtacgttGccataaggccctctgaaatt
>ECK125137196 erfKp4 reverse 2063354 Sigma70 Weak
aatacgacttctgatttgaacagttaaaaacgaaaagtctgataaaagctatacttaacgGatagctttcgcgacatagga
>ECK120009935 exbBp reverse 3152014 Sigma70 Weak
atgcaaatagtaatgagaacgactatcaattcgacgtcgttttgatattattatgcgcagAttttgtgacttgcgtcctgg
>ECK120011031 fabAp             reverse 1016498 Sigma70 Weak
actggtttattccgaactgatcggacttgttcagcgtacacgtgttagctatcctgcgtgCttcaataaaataaggcttac
>ECK120010075 fadIp             reverse 2460511 Sigma70 Weak
tagctcccactttcccttttctccacttggctaaatgtaaaaaaatggttaagactatgaTcaggtcagaccactttattt
>ECK125136522 fdrAp4 forward 546506 Sigma70 Weak
gcaaaaaaatatagttagaatttatttgataatccgctcacttttaacctgatttttaaaAcaacaacgcttattaaaaaa
>ECK120016950 feoAp             forward 3540057 Sigma70 Weak
accaacattcgcacacattttaagtattgctgatagaaaccattctcattatcattgtgtTgttgattatttaatctctcc
>ECK125136497 ffsp6             forward 476288 Sigma70 Weak
atagccttcgggaatagcggcgacgatttgccagacgcgttggggaaatgaatcttctttTtccatcttttcttcctgagg
>ECK125136498 ffsp7             forward 476422 Sigma70 Weak
aaaccagcatctggcacgcgatgggttgcaattagccggggcagcagtgataatgcgcctGcgcgttggttctcaacgctc
>ECK120010999 fhuAp             forward 167442 Sigma70 Weak
tgcgtaccgcttgcgaacccgccagcgtttcgaatattatcttatctttataataatcatTctcgtttacgttatcattca
>ECK125109862 fhuFp2 reverse 4605752 Sigma70 Weak
ttgcaacatgatttcatctctttcattgataatgataaccaatatcatatgataatttttAtcatttgcaagccagataaa
>ECK125137972 fieFp3 forward 4106432 Sigma70 Weak
tgtgggggttttttttatcctcaatttgcctgctgcttaatgcattgcagatgatttgctTccgttatactagcgtcagtt
>ECK120009934 fiup reverse 841648 Sigma70 Weak
aaatgtatttctttttcgcgcaatgggtgatagaaaatcgctccaagtgataatgcttatCaaaattattatcactttcac
>ECK120016579 flgAp             reverse 1130885 Sigma70 Weak
cgcaaaatgggtcgctatttatgccgttgatggtcattgcggacaggtacaattcacgttGtagaaatggctgggggcgaa
>ECK120016580 flgBp             forward 1130993 Sigma70 Weak
gacccattttgcgtttattccgccgataacgcgcgcgtaaaggcatttaagctgatggcaGaattttgatacctgcggagg
>ECK120016702 flhBp             reverse 1966216 Sigma70 Weak
cgcctgttttgccccttactcaaaccattgaacgctttgcgctctggcatcattcacgctTaatactctttccaggattgg
>ECK120010547 fliDp forward 2003817 Sigma70 Weak
ttttctctgccccttattcccgctattaaaaaaaacaattaaacgtaaactttgcgcaatTcagaccgataaccccggtat
>ECK120016704 fliEp1            reverse 2013036 Sigma70 Weak
cgtttttttgttgctatttagcgcctttgtcttattgacttactggtaggctttgctaccAgaaattatccgggagacgag
>ECK120016705 fliFp1            forward 2013146 Sigma70 Weak
acaaaaaaacgggtttattggcggatagaaaaaaacgaaagcacaaataatgggagcgtcAatttttcgagtttgctgacc
>ECK125137622 folBp5 reverse 3204648 Sigma70 Weak
cgcgattgcactcataagctgttccgttttgaaaattcgtgttcaacgatgaatctgtggAtaatacgcacatttcgccgg
>ECK120035125 folEp            reverse 2243848 Sigma70 Weak
cgtggctccttgttgtgttgtttgcaatttcttcatcataccgtttattcaatgtgctgtGagtaactttcacttccgtat
>ECK120010243 fprp reverse 4114499 Sigma70 Weak
tcgattgagccttccagtccttcgggactggaatttttttgttcggagaacgaagataagGcaagtcaatcaaaacaggag
>ECK125137754 frlAp13 forward 3499835 Sigma70 Weak
tgtgcgaaattttgtgatcttcctccacattacataacatcatatgttgttatattcatcAtgcattgtcatgttaccttt
>ECK120010219 fruBp            reverse 2263597 Sigma70 Weak
aaacttttgctcataactttacggctttccttgcgtgctgaaacagaagtattatgctttCttgaaacgtttcagcgcgat
>ECK120015390 ftsKp3 forward 933218 Sigma70 Weak
ggtaacctggtactgttgtccgttttagcatcgggcaggaaaagcctgtaacctggagagCctttcttgagccaggaatac
>ECK120011035 fucAp            reverse 2933854 Sigma70 Weak
aatgaccgttttgataaatatttttaagagcggtcatttttaatggggttataaaaagagAacttgcagttatttactgtg
>ECK120010191 fucPp            forward 2934119 Sigma70 Weak
ctagctaataagtgtgaccgccgtcatattacagagcgttttttatttgaaaatgaatccAtgagttcatttcagacaggc
>ECK120010217 fumBp reverse 4347348 Sigma70 Weak
tataaatgcactttgcgtgccgcccgtgactacgcggcacgccattttcgaataacaaatAcagagttacaggctggaagc
>ECK125141980 fumCp1 reverse 1686654 Sigma70 Weak
gggcggtttttttacatggcacgaaagaccaaacatttgttatcaaatggtaaataataaGtgagctaaaagttgcttaac
>ECK120010723 garPp            reverse 3274934 Sigma70 Weak
tcattgtcgttacggcataaatgaaactcataaataacaccttccccataataataaaaaTcagcataagtacccgaggta
>ECK120015472 gclp forward 533907 Sigma70 Weak
gcggagcgggtttttttgacaaaatttgaaagttggaaaaattttccaataaatagaggtAggaataaaatggcaaaaatg
>ECK125136710 gfcDp3 reverse 1048118 Sigma70 Weak
gattatctgcaagatcacccccgccttgcaggcgcggacaagaataacgttatggtgattAcgcctgagggtgagactgtc
>ECK125136732 ghrAp6 forward 1097824 Sigma70 Weak
tggttttaataagcgaaatctgctttttttgccaccgaccacggatttgttatgctggtgGcctttgtagatcataacgat
>ECK125137571 glcAp10 reverse 3121364 Sigma70 Weak
tacttgttatgccagaggtagcaattgcgttagcggcgtactgttgctgtaaagtataacGcctatattttacagttcagt
>ECK125137620 glnEp6 reverse 3199801 Sigma70 Weak
ttgccacgcctgacgcgtgatattgactcaatactgttgctggcgggttactatgatcctGtcgtcgcgcaagcctggctg
>ECK120015498 glnQp            reverse 846631 Sigma70 Weak
actgcgtcgtatgctgccgccgctgggtaaccagtggatcatcagcattaaagacacctcGctgtttattgtgatcggcgt
>ECK120015424 gloAp            forward 1727801 Sigma70 Weak
ttacccgacgttgtaatccaacattgcgagcggcgtaaagccgccgctatactaaaacaaCattttgaatctgttagccat
>ECK125136401 gloBp5 reverse 234926 Sigma70 Weak
gcaattgatttctgcgcttaaattgccaatcttaagcagatgaaaaccatacattttagtGaaccacgggttgagctggcg
>ECK120010125 glpABCp forward 2352583 Sigma70 Weak
aatgttcaaaatgacgcatgaaatcacgtttcactttcgaattatgagcgaatatgcgcgAaatcaaacaattcatgtttt
>ECK120011001 glpTQp reverse 2352451 Sigma70 Weak
atttaataatgtgtgcggcaattcacatttaatttatgaatgttttcttaacatcgcggcAactcaagaaacggcaggttc
>ECK120016706 gltIp1           reverse 687896 Sigma70 Weak
aataggctgattcaaggcatttacgggagaaaaaatcggctcaaacatgaagaaatgaaaTgactgagtcagccgagaaga
>ECK125138011 gltPp6 forward 4294307 Sigma70 Weak
atctttccataacaaatggttattcattaatcctgccataaactcgcgttattatgcattAatgcagcgaaaagctctgtt
>ECK125137886 gltSp3 reverse 3828691 Sigma70 Weak
cgatacccgtcatagttcatgaagttgccactgcgcgatgaagtatgacgagtatgaaagAgtgatgcggatacaaaggag
>ECK120010609 glyWp reverse 1992180 Sigma70 Weak
tcaaaagtggtgaaaaatatcgttgactcatcgcgccaggtaagtagaatgcaacgcatcGaacggcggcactgattgcca
>ECK120010048 gntRp1 reverse 3578749 Sigma70 Weak
aaacaagcactgttttccccgggaaggttctgatgtgtccgtgttaaactaagagaatctAtctcttttgtaccttcagga
>ECK120010056 gntXp             forward 3544667 Sigma70 Weak
ctaaccaaatggctttatcaggtgcctgttgcagcacggcttcggccatatcagcaagtgAcagcgcaccaaatccccggc
>ECK120015464 gorp forward 3646112 Sigma70 Weak
aactggcggtactgccagacagcgatcgccgtggcatgaccgcttccggcatgattgtgaTtaacccgccgtggaaactgg
>ECK125137872 gpsAp5 reverse 3783810 Sigma70 Weak
gcgggtatcgaaggcacccagatggcgcattgcctgggagcatactgcccgaacattctgTtcccgtatgctcgtgagtgc
>ECK120034547 gptp forward 255914 Sigma70 Weak
taaaaagacgcggactcatgtgaaatactggtttttagtgcgccagatctctataatctcGcgcaacctattttcccctcg
>ECK125135020 grxBp             reverse 1124103 Sigma70 Weak
tagccagaaacgcgccgcgcgtcgtttgcttgaacgcgacgcctgatttgatactcccccCtgactccttcatactgaaag
>ECK125136745 grxBp4 reverse 1124083 Sigma70 Weak
gtcgtttgcttgaacgcgacgcctgatttgatactcccccctgactccttcatactgaaaGtgaactgacagccaaatgga
>ECK125137874 grxCp2 reverse 3784576 Sigma70 Weak
aaggcgtcgctggctgggctggcgaaaacttgcctttggtgcgcggcaaataatttacctGtcgtctttcatgatgcaggc
>ECK125095208 grxD reverse 1734162 Sigma70 Weak
gcaacaaatagagcaaagggataaaatagcaaaagcgtgatgaaaatgttattttccgatGccgcactgacccgctacaat
>ECK125136473 hemBp7 reverse 389861 Sigma70 Weak
aataataaccaacagctataaataaagattaaaaatattttcagtgaatataaaattattGctgtttctattaaaaagatg
>ECK125136499 hhap6 reverse 480503 Sigma70 Weak
atgaactgattgagcatattgcgaccttcgcacttaattacaaaattaagtataatgaagAcaataagctcattgagcaga
>ECK125136758 hinTp1 forward 1161821 Sigma70 Weak
tttttgcttaagaaatcgtgagttaaggttgaaagagcaggtttaactcgaccatactctAtactcgcagtgtggcgcggc
>ECK125136354 hokCp4 reverse 16951 Sigma70 Weak
gatagagaaaagccccgagtgatattttaccatcaacccgaggcctcctatatgctgaacAcatgtagagtgcctcttact
>ECK125137132 holEp4 forward 1925029 Sigma70 Weak
tattatctattcctttttgtaataacttttttacagagcataaccttgtctaatgtctgaGtcgaggatcatcaattccgg
>ECK125137134 holEp6 forward 1925086 Sigma70 Weak
tgagtcgaggatcatcaattccggcttgccatcctggctcactcttagtaacttttgcccGcgaatgatgaggagattaag
>ECK125136592 hscCp5 reverse 683482 Sigma70 Weak
atggtcgatgttgatcgtcagggctttgttgatttactggctgatcgtctgaaattttacGcttaacacacgtcattgatt
>ECK125137913 hsrAp4 reverse 3940643 Sigma70 Weak
attatccaaagcgatggcgacgcggcatttaaagcttgtcaggcgctgctacgctcacctGataagtgataacccgataac
>ECK125136376 htrEp5 reverse 155438 Sigma70 Weak
actttggtggcgcaattgaaggtaatgccaggctgtaatcaggcaaggatataattccgcAggaagcatagcgtgactata
>ECK125138091 hypTp4 reverse 4558317 Sigma70 Weak
aaaggaacgtttgaaacggcttaaacggttgtcagccgcccgaatggacgtagaatgcccGcaagggcggctgacagagta
>ECK125138092 iadAp3 reverse 4559537 Sigma70 Weak
ttacggtctgcgtgattaacgcattgctgtcgatctgggttatgcagcttattgtttaacAaggagttaccatgattgatt
>ECK125137693 ibaGp4 reverse 3336983 Sigma70 Weak
gtgacgcttcagggggtaaacgacaaagtgtataccctggcgaaattgtataatttgcctGctgatgttctgcctcgttaa
>ECK125137694 ibaGp9 reverse 3336954 Sigma70 Weak
gtataccctggcgaaattgtataatttgcctgctgatgttctgcctcgttaaattttttcAggccggatatggcgttaacc
>ECK125137540 idip4            forward 3033039 Sigma70 Weak
ggttgtcgataaacgctcacttggttaatcatttcactcttcaattatctataatgatgaGtgatcagaattacatgtgag
>ECK125137541 idip5            forward 3032938 Sigma70 Weak
tcatttctgactgtgttgcaatggccattgaaagtcgcttcaaatatatgatgctactttTttaaatggtttttacctgtc
>ECK120010052 idnRp            reverse 4491182 Sigma70 Weak
gctgggcgtgttagccattaacgccgtattgcactgaaagaataaaatattgtgatgtagTttcgggggaagattgaagat
>ECK120010599 ileXp            forward 3215597 Sigma70 Weak
acagcaggcgcgcggtaatggctggattgcgacacggagttactttataatccgctaccaTggccccttagctcagtggtt
>ECK120009910 inaAp            reverse 2349499 Sigma70 Weak
ttcattaatacgacacgtttcattaagattttcctcaggtaaccacctatagtcattgtcGttaataaaaatgacaggcga
>ECK125138083 insAp13 forward 4518442 Sigma70 Weak
gcctctgcttctggcatgtgtcggtcagaatgactcatgatgtggtctgctattattgacAtcctcactgccctaaaggat
>ECK125138084 insAp14 forward 4518379 Sigma70 Weak
caatagacatttttaacatgttgtttttctaagtgttataaggtaggtataaaatgggatGgagcctctgcttctggcatg
>ECK125138074 insGp6 reverse 4503549 Sigma70 Weak
gcaatccacataacaaaacgcgttttgttactgatgtcacaaattgagcatatttttgtaGctgatagtttgttacaaaca
>ECK125137198 insHp2 reverse 2067498 Sigma70 Weak
aattatcccgcctgctgaagaacgttgctctgagtgtgataaacctttttattcttgatgAtgtcagcgagaagatggaat
>ECK125137573 insHp4 forward 3130025 Sigma70 Weak
cgcccaactatctgccccgctttttttgccacccacgcctgccagatgatatggtccgtcCccggatttttcgcagacaaa
>ECK125137210 insHp4 reverse 2103093 Sigma70 Weak
cgcagatgatgattacattttgtttttgaatcccgatatcatcatgaagcatgatgatttGctgacatatattaaatatgt
>ECK125136542 insHp4 reverse 575774 Sigma70 Weak
ctttcgttgattacaaaatcaacctgcttgacaaaaatgacttcactaaggaaggtgcgaAcaagtccctgatatgagatc
>ECK125136416 insHp5 reverse 275298 Sigma70 Weak
gcttcagtggcgcattttgttgtgttgtttgcatataaccttctaaacgtatggacatctAaacatccaaagaaggtttgt
>ECK125137212 insHp6 reverse 2103049 Sigma70 Weak
tgaagcatgatgatttgctgacatatattaaatatgtcgaaagtaagcgttatgcttttaGtacattatgcctgttccgag
>ECK125138079 insIp5           reverse 4508686 Sigma70 Weak
aaattctgcaactgcgtaaggcgttaaatgaagctcgccttgagcgagatatattaaaaaAagcaactgtagattcaattg
>ECK125136352 insLp5 forward 15380 Sigma70 Weak
gggcaggcctgggtaaaaatagggtgcgttgaagatatgcgagcacctgtaaagtggcggGgatcactcccataagcgcta
>ECK125137120 kdgRp9 reverse 1910140 Sigma70 Weak
attgtaactaaccggcaaaagatggattgcgaccaccctggtgcgaaattataataaaaaAcagttctgatttttataaaa
>ECK125136601 kdpEp3 reverse 721894 Sigma70 Weak
cttccgccaggccaggagcagacgatatttgataagtttgctcgcgggaataaagagtcgGcagtaccgggggtagggctt
>ECK125137507 kduIp5 reverse 2984194 Sigma70 Weak
aaatgaaacattgttttatttttaattgaaaaccctagcccatgggcatatcatccctttAtagagaaaacgaaacagtgt
>ECK125137429 kgtPp6 reverse 2725809 Sigma70 Weak
ctaactaaattcatggttaaggttgcataatgatatgcaacaaatgtataatatttccttTacaaaaaaaataaacaaaag
>ECK125136826 ldrAp8 reverse 1269477 Sigma70 Weak
ttgaaaaaccggaatgcactcttcattgcaaacatttcagggatgaagtgaagatgaattGagtcgtagtatccacaccaa
>ECK125137104 leuEp4 reverse 1880767 Sigma70 Weak
ccgctacagattggttagcatattcacctttaatcgcgcatgatcgaaagataattaaagAggttaatgtgttcgctgaat
>ECK125138114 leuVp2 reverse 4606273 Sigma70 Weak
agtcccccccctcgcaccaaaaaccacgttgatattgctcgcactgggcgaaggtggcggAattggtagacgcgctagctt
>ECK125137167 leuZp3 reverse 1992050 Sigma70 Weak
tagctcagttggtagagcacgaccttgccaaggtcggggtcgcgagttcgagtctcgtttCccgctccagtttaaaagaca
>ECK125137884 ligBp1 reverse 3821256 Sigma70 Weak
ttttgcgtagctgcttccgcatttgcctgtcattcactgcaataaagacgattttcaggaAgcgtcctcgcagactccgtt
>ECK125136782 litp8 forward 1198590 Sigma70 Weak
gtgtcttacgacatgcttaccttaatcgttcccagtgtgcctatagcagatattctaaacAtgtcgataattcattacgca
>ECK125136783 litp9 forward 1198668 Sigma70 Weak
gcatatagtatcgaacatagaaaaaactgaagattcatcttattttgtatatactacctaGcccaacaatgtagaggttaa
>ECK125136767 lolCp5 forward 1175399 Sigma70 Weak
ccctgacgatcacttacagttcagacgtttacccatcttgctttcgcttatatactcgtgTctttgctacagcaaccagac
>ECK125137675 lpoAp2 forward 3293211 Sigma70 Weak
aaccgggcattaatcccaaaatgttgcagcaataaaccggtgtgacgagtatcctcggcgGcaatcagatcaacggcctgt
>ECK125138066 lptFp5 forward 4486188 Sigma70 Weak
gatttcgacgactcaagagaataaatgacgtttaagccatgaaacaagctaaaatcctgcAaaagacgagtttttacgggc
>ECK125138067 lptFp6 forward 4486122 Sigma70 Weak
tacggcattggcacgtcagaacaaaatctgagaggtgaatccgttgagtataattatcttAgcgacgatttcgacgactca
>ECK120033733 lpxCp1 forward 106508 Sigma70 Weak
gctgattaagaattgactggaatttgggtttcgaggctctttgtgctaaactggcccgccGaatgtatagtacacttcggt
>ECK120034947 lsrRp            reverse 1601257 Sigma70 Weak
ccatcacagatataaatgagcaagaactgaacaattgcattaaagatttaaatatgttcaAagtgaagaatgaattatgac
>ECK120011039 lysAp            reverse 2978951 Sigma70 Weak
ctcgcaatccggtaatccatatcatttttgcatagactcgacataaatcgatattttttaTtctttttatgatgtggcgta
>ECK120011040 lysRp            forward 2978950 Sigma70 Weak
aatgtggcataacaaactccagataagtgcttttttatgattacgccacatcataaaaagAataaaaaatatcgatttatg
>ECK125136965 maeAp3 reverse 1555742 Sigma70 Weak
acgattaaacaccattgcctgcgcaatggtgtttttgtttttatctgctttatacttgagGccgacgccctggcggtaaag
>ECK125136483 makp4 forward 410118 Sigma70 Weak
tgataacgaattgtcggcggccttgcattgccaatccggttgtccgtctctacgctattgAtattgaaaaaaataaggaga
>ECK120010133 malKp forward 4246736 Sigma70 Weak
ccataaaaaagccagggggtggaggatttaagccatctcctgatgacgcatagtcagcccAtcatgaatgttgctgtcgat
>ECK120010245 marRp forward 1619093 Sigma70 Weak
cgtggcatcggtcaattcattcatttgacttatacttgcctgggcaatattatcccctgcAactaattacttgccagggca
>ECK125136442 matAp10 reverse 311460 Sigma70 Weak
attgaattccttttccgttcacatattgacactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagCccaatcgaaaataattaaac
>ECK125136440 matAp7 reverse 311482 Sigma70 Weak
ttttctaaatattgacttaaccattgaattccttttccgttcacatattgacactcatcgGgaaaaaaaacataaatttaa
>ECK125136441 matAp9 reverse 311432 Sigma70 Weak
acactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagcccaatcgaaaataattaaacttaatctCgtttaacctttattgatatg
>ECK125136437 matBp5 reverse 310797 Sigma70 Weak
gcaacctaaatcgattgccagaattgaaaattgtagtgtgaagacagtgtatacccatcgGcgtaatgctgaggccaagct
>ECK125136640 mcbAp5 reverse 842153 Sigma70 Weak
aaaaatcagcattatgcatgtcattgatttgtcttattttgtaaaaatatatcgttcaaaAaataagcacatctctgtcaa
>ECK125136799 mcrAp8 forward 1210319 Sigma70 Weak
acaaaagaaagtaaaacaacagcaacttgttgcaattttatcaataaaagtagtattgtcGtgaaaaattgattaaagatt
>ECK125137607 mdaBp5 forward 3172506 Sigma70 Weak
aaagactttgcacattttgctaatttcaccgtaccgctctgtgacgtactatagtcggcaAacgtctcaccttgaggttaa
>ECK125137608 mdaBp7 forward 3172407 Sigma70 Weak
taagaattatgaggaatggctatcagtattgtcattttcagaaaatatttatcctgcatcGgtgagtcagagtaagatcag
>ECK125137039 mdtKp9 forward 1743375 Sigma70 Weak
aaggggtaagaatggctattttttcactggagaattaataaatcctcgctacaatagactGaatttcccctgcttcttctt
>ECK120010090 menBp reverse 2376887 Sigma70 Weak
ctggcggcggaactggctgccgactgccatgtcattcctcgcgccggacataacgcgcatCgggaaaatcccgctggcgta
>ECK120011042 metCp forward 3152075 Sigma70 Weak
ctgcgcataataatatcaaaacgacgtcgaattgatagtcgttctcattactatttgcatActgccgtacctttgctttct
>ECK120011004 metHp forward 4223783 Sigma70 Weak
acaaatctcatgttgcgtggtggtcgcttttaccacagatgcgtttatgccagtatggttTgttgaatttttattaaatct
>ECK120015495 mglAp reverse 2239391 Sigma70 Weak
ggtgcggctgatggcaccaactggaaaatcgacaacaaagtggtccgcgtaccttatgttGgcgtagataaagacaacctg
>ECK120010226 mglBp reverse 2240566 Sigma70 Weak
cgctttcaatctgtgagtgatttcacagtatcttaacaatgtgatagctatgattgcaccGttttaacgttgtaacccgta
>ECK125137248 mlrAp6 forward 2214749 Sigma70 Weak
ctgcgtttaactttctttgaactcttgcagaaaaatgagaattcgtgagtacgatcactcAaaatcgcctggcaaaaataa
>ECK125137496 mltAp6 reverse 2947273 Sigma70 Weak
cccgatcacggatttggcatgattttgaacaaaaacaaatcactaaagcctattttttgtGcaaaatttgcgtcagggaga
>ECK125136399 mltDp3 reverse 234025 Sigma70 Weak
tattgcaacaacctgaagagcgttttgcatggttaaggtcaaagaaagataggttctgatAaaactttcttgtcatcggct
>ECK125136400 mltDp4 reverse 233982 Sigma70 Weak
gaaagataggttctgataaaactttcttgtcatcggctccgttcgccgttatgatcggtcGtcttttaagcaactattgac
>ECK120016184 mltFp           forward 2695767 Sigma70 Weak
ggtttacgcaaaatgccgctcatttatgagtaaacctttcactattattacgttttttcaAgctgggacgcgcacgacaca
>ECK125136419 mmuPp5 forward 275287 Sigma70 Weak
tctgcgtctggtgcagggttgactttgcattctgttaacaaacgcggtataacaaaccttCtttggatgtttagatgtcca
>ECK120010502 mngRp reverse 765926 Sigma70 Weak
cattatgtgatcaatttcacttgattgaaattatttgtattgtatttgtattatttacagGatgaatttatcgggcataat
>ECK125136648 mntRp4 forward 853135 Sigma70 Weak
atatagctattgctaaaacgttaattttttgtaccttcgcaactctggtttacaatgtgcGcacgaaatgagaacgctatg
>ECK125136649 mntRp5 forward 853083 Sigma70 Weak
tcgatccttgagggatgattgcattacatacagatatagcacaggctatattatatagctAttgctaaaacgttaattttt
>ECK125137536 mocAp9 forward 3015056 Sigma70 Weak
gtgggacgtttctgcgcacctaaatcaatgactaatgccgatgggtcaactatacttttcAcgagtctttatgacctctct
>ECK125136925 mokBp3 forward 1492305 Sigma70 Weak
gacgaaaataatcacttcacgaaattgcgtgctgttttccagaatttttcgtcattcgggTtagccagtttagccattcgt
>ECK125136881 mppAp13forward 1393121 Sigma70 Weak
ttaccgcattttggagactattatttacactaaatctgatttgatatattgatacttaaaAcatttgatgcttcctttgtc
>ECK125136880 mppAp9 forward 1393139 Sigma70 Weak
tattatttacactaaatctgatttgatatattgatacttaaaacatttgatgcttcctttGtcacttttttgatggaagtt
>ECK125137292 mqop5 reverse 2306858 Sigma70 Weak
cccttcatttctaataaccctataattaatcaacgaaattataatgtttctaaaattagaAtataatttataaacattatt
>ECK125137598 mqsAp8 reverse 3168289 Sigma70 Weak
atctggcaggatgtttacagacccaggcttgttacaggccaggtttatcttaaaattacgGtaattcatgacgtactgatc
>ECK125137599 mqsAp9 reverse 3168371 Sigma70 Weak
ttttgatggtatgtgtaatgttatcattggattatcagagagcgacttttataaaagcatGaccacctactctgatcatac
>ECK125137723 mreDp2 reverse 3399083 Sigma70 Weak
cgatgacgccggaagaggtgcatcgtgttgctaatgaacgtctgatgcagatgatgccgcAggtattgccttcgccagacg
>ECK125137695 mtgAp4 reverse 3349831 Sigma70 Weak
cagcatatatgctggcgcagaacattgcagaagcggcgagcggcattgataagctggtttCccgcgtgctggttctggctg
>ECK120010246 mtlAp            forward 3772188 Sigma70 Weak
tgatatcacacaaaaggccgtcgactggacagttaaccgattcagtgccagatttcgcagTatctacaaggtccggctacc
>ECK125137626 mugp6 reverse 3215496 Sigma70 Weak
cattaccgcgcgcctgctgtttttataaacaatgtattttcaatccgttatacttttcctGgtgatgttagaaaggagtaa
>ECK125137501 mutHp7 forward 2969614 Sigma70 Weak
cctaaaaagcaatataaatcagagaattgaacaacgcatgtggaaaaagttacactgcgaAtattcggcacataattgctg
>ECK120011044 nadBp forward 2710357 Sigma70 Weak
tttttctcgccgccctgcgtcagcgtgtttagcaactgtaacaaatattaaaatagcaggTgtttatccgcacaacatgat
>ECK125137443 nadKp2 forward 2750763 Sigma70 Weak
actcatgaatttctccgcgtttttttcgcattcatctcgctaacttcgcttattatggggAtcagtttcagggtttcaagg
>ECK125136769 nagKp3 forward 1178540 Sigma70 Weak
attgttgctgagtcttttggcaagttggtatccggcgcggcgcgccagtaatattgacccTgcgcgagtccttagcggcca
>ECK125137706 nanRp10 reverse 3374676 Sigma70 Weak
ttaaaaaatatgcgcttatgattattttgtaagaacacattcataatattcataatgctcGtgaatagtcttataaataat
>ECK125137705 nanRp9 reverse 3374703 Sigma70 Weak
tttaattgtaggtgaggtgatttttcattaaaaaatatgcgcttatgattattttgtaagAacacattcataatattcata
>ECK120009939 narUp1 reverse 1544124 Sigma70 Weak
tttcttatctattctttcaatcagcacttcacccaattcatccttaattctaataactggCtattgcgccttacctcgtgt
>ECK120010214 narXp            reverse 1277777 Sigma70 Weak
gtgagtacagtgacttcataaaaattatgagatttttcacggtgctgtaaaatccctaccCttaccgatgtaaagcgacta
>ECK120015471 narZp            reverse 1542690 Sigma70 Weak
agtgtttttaatcttctacatcgtttgtgtgctgctgacctggctggtttatggtcggcgGaagttcagccaaaaataaga
>ECK125137405 ndkp4 reverse 2644960 Sigma70 Weak
tgcaatagtctgttttgtccctgattgttgctaaaactcattttattttaaaaaaatgttAccttcatcaatagtcaacgg
>ECK120015394 nohAp reverse 1636603 Sigma70 Weak
cataattgattatttgacgtggtttgatggcctccacgcacgttgtgatatgtagatgatAatcattatcactttacgggt
>ECK120015433 nudBp reverse 1948674 Sigma70 Weak
cgaaatcattcgcgttgcatcgaggcggcaactgagtgaactcccatgagcatagataacTatgtgaatgggatgagcgaa
>ECK125137985 nudCp2 forward 4196719 Sigma70 Weak
gtttagcctcatgtacgattctttgccaggcttaatgccaaccagattgtagtaagccacGagcagatgcttacgtacatg
>ECK125137759 nudEp6 reverse 3526246 Sigma70 Weak
gcaaattcctggagttatttcaacctattgacttttaatttgatttgaggacgattatttAttaagttacataaatgtaaa
>ECK125137308 nudIp3 forward 2364525 Sigma70 Weak
tatcatcgcaaaagagattactgtcactttcacatatttgtgagttaccgtattctcatgGtttctttttatttataagga
>ECK125137331 nuoNp1 reverse 2391717 Sigma70 Weak
ccgttatctctacctttgggctggtctttgcatctgtttattcgctggcgatgttacatcGcgcttacttcggtaaagcga
>ECK125137231 ogrKp5 reverse 2167548 Sigma70 Weak
tgagtgatgtttttattttatctgtttgttttgtaagggtaaattaactaaaatggcaccAtcaacaaaaccggaagaggt
>ECK125136906 ompNp3 reverse 1437079 Sigma70 Weak
gacaataaaggcatataacccgcgcagaataacgtatagcaaattaaaagtataatttttAttttgtatgtattatcttcg
>ECK125136907 ompNp4 reverse 1436984 Sigma70 Weak
cttattatcatttcagaggaattatttgattaaggttttacttaaggcgtaacaaatgatAtttatcggctaactgaactt
>ECK125136908 ompNp6 reverse 1437058 Sigma70 Weak
gcgcagaataacgtatagcaaattaaaagtataatttttattttgtatgtattatcttcgAtacattcaccagacttatta
>ECK125138111 opgBp7 reverse 4599494 Sigma70 Weak
aacatcgcatttttttgacactagaattgcagcaatatggcgacgccattacattgtgctTctcaaaaagcttaaacgttg
>ECK125136931 opgDp7 forward 1496682 Sigma70 Weak
tttgctttaaaatctgaccatccgcctttgcaaaaatttgcctgattttacaaacgaatcAggctcatcccatcgacataa
>ECK125136933 opgDp9 forward 1496776 Sigma70 Weak
ttatgcatattctctcagttcaacaattggattattaataaatattgtctagagtgagcgGtcataaataagcactttctt
>ECK125138036 ornp5             forward 4391584 Sigma70 Weak
ggtcgcccctgatgggcaaaacatctatgatacacgcaattgtggatcaatatagtcactGtgaatgggtggaaaatagca
>ECK125109032 oxySp             reverse 4158394 Sigma70 Weak
taggtagaatagcaatgaacgattatccctatcaagcattctgactgataattgctcacaGaaacggagcggcacctcttt
>ECK125137596 parCp4 reverse 3166030 Sigma70 Weak
cacgtccggcggcgctattcacgttgatctcctgtgactcgacgcggcagataatgtagtAtctccggcaatattgcccct
>ECK125137253 pbpGp5 reverse 2225066 Sigma70 Weak
cgctggcgattggcgtgctggtactggaagtgctgctcgccctaaccgttatactatgggGctacggttatcgtttgttct
>ECK125137254 pbpGp7 reverse 2224941 Sigma70 Weak
gcagcatttcctcacgattctcctttgacgatcgcactttttgctcgttatgatggcgtcGctagcctcagtaaatcctta
>ECK125136684 pflAp8 reverse 951228 Sigma70 Weak
tcactcaatctatgtaattagatttgactgaaatcgtacagtaaaaagcgtacaataaagGctccacgaaagtggggcctt
>ECK125137981 pflDp3 forward 4143953 Sigma70 Weak
tgctgacgccattatgagcaaaattgaagctcacctggcgcaaaccgcttaagttcttctCccgctcgcaagggcgggttc
>ECK125136859 pgpBp4 forward 1339235 Sigma70 Weak
aatgctggttctgtattggcttattttgccataacgagaaggggttcacctaatcacgacGcgtcgatcgttcacggaatg
>ECK120011010 phoAp forward 401707 Sigma70 Weak
aaagttaatcttttcaacagctgtcataaagttgtcacggccgagacttatagtcgctttGtttttattttttaatgtatt
>ECK120011011 phoBp forward 417101 Sigma70 Weak
tgaagatatgtgcgacgagcttttcataaatctgtcataaatctgacgcataatgacgtcGcattaatgatcgcaacctat
>ECK125137910 phoUp2 reverse 3907646 Sigma70 Weak
cacacggcgtttatgtacctgggcgaattgattgagttcagcaacacggacgatctgttcAccaagccagcgaagaaacaa
>ECK125136796 pinEp1 forward 1209527 Sigma70 Weak
caatttatttgtcggataagcctttgccagttccgggtattcttcagcagaaaaagcggcAccattgcatttcagccagcc
>ECK120029525 pitBp             reverse 3136403 Sigma70 Weak
tatcgttaaaaaatgatatttcactttgcccatgccgttaaagtcactgataatgcgtccGttcgtaaattcaaaatggcg
>ECK120049219 pldAp             forward 4004814 Sigma70 Weak
ggtttctactttaggaagggataactaacggctatggagttaagtatgtaaaatagcccgCagaaaaatattcaccttatc
>ECK125137312 pmrDp3 reverse 2373574 Sigma70 Weak
tcacttctcatttctgccattccattgccgttgataaagagtttatctgttaatctgtaaAttgatgtgaaaactcttagc
>ECK120010629 pntAp             reverse 1677975 Sigma70 Weak
attttcagtacgttatagggcgtttgttactaatttattttaacggagtaacatttagctCgtacatgagcagcttgtgtg
>ECK120015389 polBp             reverse 65803 Sigma70 Weak
gggcagtaatgactgtataaaaccacagccaatcaaacgaaaccaggctatactcaagccTggttttttgatggattttca
>ECK125136772 potDp5 reverse 1182848 Sigma70 Weak
tggtgctgtcgctggtgatggttattgccagccagcttattgctcgtgataaaacgaaagGtaacacaggggacgttaaat
>ECK125095184 ppdDp reverse 117705 Sigma70 Weak
tgcgttttcgctaatagttgacagatttatccgctccatcgcgggcggataatctcccctTccccaactttcttcgtaacg
>ECK125137467 pphBp1 forward 2859737 Sigma70 Weak
gctatcgggaatattaacgacaactgacgaataaaataaaaacaccctgtataataggaaAgcttattttacagggtaaaa
>ECK120010561 ppiAp2 reverse 3492395 Sigma70 Weak
cattttaagaggtgattttgatcacggaataaaaagtgatcgtcaggttacatatatttcAgatacgtaaaattaggtaaa
>ECK120010562 ppiAp3 reverse 3492430 Sigma70 Weak
gtttaaatgttttattgcaatcggttgctaaattgcattttaagaggtgattttgatcacGgaataaaaagtgatcgtcag
>ECK120010563 ppiAp4 reverse 3492449 Sigma70 Weak
ttaggtgattttgtgatctgtttaaatgttttattgcaatcggttgctaaattgcattttAagaggtgattttgatcacgg
>ECK125137058 ppsRp6 forward 1787383 Sigma70 Weak
gctgttttcataaaaaataaaattgaaggttcattttataaaccagacataacgttctacGcttctgtgcgtttttaattt
>ECK125136413 proBp8 forward 260216 Sigma70 Weak
aacaggaaagtttttaacctgagattgttaaagatatattacagattaataatattcttaAaatgtggtaatttattaaat
>ECK120015167 prpRp             reverse 348471 Sigma70 Weak
tttcaggcaatgtttcaccgcgtttcattgcaacaattatgaaacaagactaaacccaatAttcggtttcttaactttgcg
>ECK125137426 pssAp4 forward 2722578 Sigma70 Weak
gcgctagcccgcaagctcgggtttaacgttgatatccagctcgaagaggggatcgttgggCttacgctaaatcttgcccag
>ECK120035100 pstBp             reverse 3908447 Sigma70 Weak
agaggggcgaggggaccgaccgagcgcctttttgactctgtacacggttaacactttgccGgatgcggcgtgaacgcctga
>ECK125137137 purTp3 forward 1930855 Sigma70 Weak
cggttgagaaatcaacatcagcaataaagacacacgcaaacgttttcgtttatactgcgcGcggaattaatcaggggatat
>ECK120010529 pykFp             forward 1755467 Sigma70 Weak
atattttttgaaacgctgtttttgttttccttttggattaatttcagcgtataatgcgcgCcaattgactcttgaatggtt
>ECK125137484 queEp7 reverse 2905606 Sigma70 Weak
tcggtaattttatattcgttatcattaaaaactaatacagaaaaaataaatataattttgGtgaatgttttgacatgatta
>ECK125136891 racRp4 reverse 1420449 Sigma70 Weak
ctggacatctctcggcaggcaattgacgtacccctttgatccattgatttacgcttggagGtgatacacctaaaagcctag
>ECK125137924 rarDp1 reverse 4004227 Sigma70 Weak
acacaatgaagaacagctttatattgccagtgccaccgccacctatatggtaggttgaagAcataaaagcaggtaaactgc
>ECK125137926 rarDp3 reverse 4004258 Sigma70 Weak
gcaataaagtcgccgtcgcccgcgttgaattacacaatgaagaacagctttatattgccaGtgccaccgccacctatatgg
>ECK125136412 rayTp8 forward 247624 Sigma70 Weak
cgctttcccgatataaaacaacctcattgccaacctttccttttcttcttaccgttgagaAaaaggagtcgccatgtctga
>ECK125137316 rbnp4            forward 2381581 Sigma70 Weak
tgcagatcttgccattcaatcataatgctctccttttagatgtatgccttatactagccgGaatattttttgaaacgtgat
>ECK125136829 rdlBp4 forward 1269856 Sigma70 Weak
ctgcgcgagcgtcatatagccgccttgttgtaatgacaacattttgcggctattcttgaaGtgtctggtttcaagattagc
>ECK120015765 recNp            forward 2751759 Sigma70 Weak
aattattctaattttacgccagcctctttactgtatataaaaccagtttatactgtacacAataacagtaatggtttttca
>ECK125137930 recQp2 forward 4005833 Sigma70 Weak
ggattaccctctcagagactaaaagcattgcagtttctcgcgcaggcgctgaaaatagcgCctgtttttatttcaggcaat
>ECK125137938 rfaHp4 reverse 4024873 Sigma70 Weak
atttgttaaattagcgtgaactctgacggtataacgcaaaccggggaatataattaacttAgcgtaaagcttttgctatcc
>ECK125137939 rfaHp5 reverse 4024965 Sigma70 Weak
aagaagtcgcgtaaatcgttatatttcatggcgtccattgtagcctcttaatctgcgcccAttatacggcgttcatctttg
>ECK125137219 rfbXp6 reverse 2109586 Sigma70 Weak
ctttcgccaaaagatgaaaggctctttacgttagatgagcttatcagattaaaattaattGcatgaatacgaataaattat
>ECK125137220 rfbXp7 reverse 2109718 Sigma70 Weak
tttttggttctgtctgatatcgctgaatttcaatataaaactacaaactattatcatcctGaaagcgattgtggaatatgt
>ECK125137216 rfcp10 reverse 2107283 Sigma70 Weak
tagcagagaagacaaggttatatttggcgggcgtttggccgagtataaatattatgatatGcatcaagtgatatctgccgc
>ECK125137217 rfcp11 reverse 2107444 Sigma70 Weak
tataccagaataattgagcataaacattttgactatgttgagacaaagcatacggttgttAcaaaagaatatccattagag
>ECK125137215 rfcp8            reverse 2107234 Sigma70 Weak
tattatgatatgcatcaagtgatatctgccgctctttatcaagtgaaaaatataatgagtAcggattaatgatctatcttg
>ECK125095203 rfep forward 3967800 Sigma70 Weak
aatgccgcgctggcgatgttaggaaaattcctggaatttgctggcatgttatgcaatttgCatatcaaatggttaattttt
>ECK125137305 rhmAp3 reverse 2358946 Sigma70 Weak
ctgcgcgtgaaagcagaaacgttatttgccagcgatgcggcgggattactgacgctggcaGcggtggcggtcatcggttcg
>ECK125137811 rhsBp10 forward 3619113 Sigma70 Weak
taaataccctatccgaaccttctcttttgtaacgttctaaatatattcctaaaaatcttcAattcattgtgaccacaagtt
>ECK125137812 rhsBp11 forward 3619003 Sigma70 Weak
gcggcgtgcggcacgggcatttgcagtgcttgccgaaggaagattgagtctattattgggTcctttggtgaacgatcaaca
>ECK125137809 rhsBp8 forward 3619178 Sigma70 Weak
attgtgaccacaagtttttcttcgctttttcgtatgaagatactgtcattaaaataatagAaaaggattttacgatgagcg
>ECK125136518 rhsDp8 forward 523066 Sigma70 Weak
actaataaaatcataaatcatatgcgttgaatggatattatccatatagtgaatttgttgAtgatgaattcatctgtgcta
>ECK125136645 rhtAp8 reverse 850304 Sigma70 Weak
aacgggccatttcatgtaacagaacgtttccatacaccgctatccatctaaatttaaatcActttttcagagaactgcgta
>ECK125137038 ribCp5 reverse 1743458 Sigma70 Weak
gcgagaatcaccgggattgctaatgctaataacagacgcgcttcactgatatacttctgcAcgtgaacaccttttatttgt
>ECK120009923 rimKp            forward 891876 Sigma70 Weak
ctggagcgatcatatccgccgaacaatcattaaagaaagccgcccatttattctggattaTttgcacaaacagggttgggc
>ECK125137115 rlmAp9 reverse 1907086 Sigma70 Weak
tttatcttcgctcctggcgttcggatatttgcccgccgcgtgattcgcgttacacttgcgGcctttagtatcctgccggag
>ECK125136642 rlmFp7 forward 842224 Sigma70 Weak
atatttttacaaaataagacaaatcaatgacatgcataatgctgatttttatgatgaattGccataaaccatagccatgtt
>ECK125136705 rlmIp4 reverse 1030001 Sigma70 Weak
ctgctctccttatccttaatggacgcgttgcaaatccatggaaaactccggacaatgacgCccatttctttgcatcgacag
>ECK125136699 rmfp4            forward 1015532 Sigma70 Weak
gtaaatataaccgtctccggtatgttgcctgaggcggtttttttgtctctaacgtgcggaAaaatttgttcctcttcacat
>ECK125136700 rmfp5            forward 1015503 Sigma70 Weak
taaagcgtctaccttaattataaagatttgtaaatataaccgtctccggtatgttgcctgAggcggtttttttgtctctaa
>ECK125136561 rnkp6            reverse 644055 Sigma70 Weak
aattccctgaatgtgacgcaaatcacttcaaagagtgagcaacagtcagtatcatcatgtGagttaaaccctcgccgcctg
>ECK125137403 rodZp1 reverse 2642932 Sigma70 Weak
gttagccttagtgaatgtgggctttgtcacgagcacacagacggtcttatactgtatgatAacggttaacttaacggatgt
>ECK120011144 rplMp reverse 3378672 Sigma70 Weak
cggactttgtcgtgtgaacctcaacaattgaagacgtttgggtgttcaccaacgtgtaacTatttattgggtaagctttta
>ECK125203431 rplVp            forward 2282440 Sigma70 Weak
attacgcggttaatggtagttttgattgatgtataaggcgattgagtatagaatctcgccCgcttttgcatacgcaaagca
>ECK125137690 rpmAp4 reverse 3333225 Sigma70 Weak
gcggcgtaatcaaagctgaagttgttgctcacggtcgtggcgagaaagttaaaatcgttaAgtttcgtcgtcgtaaacact
>ECK120010581 rpoNp forward 3344662 Sigma70 Weak
cgcctacagaaatcttacaagacgaacacgttaagcgtgtataccttggggaagacttcaGactctgatagggtagaagtt
>ECK125137707 rpsIp2 reverse 3378290 Sigma70 Weak
ttgaaatcgcggttaaaggcatgttgccaaaaggcccgctgggtcgtgctatgttccgtaAactgaaagtttacgcgggta
>ECK125138035 rsgAp12 reverse 4391566 Sigma70 Weak
aggttgttttcattggcactcatgctattttccacccattcacagtgactatattgatccAcaattgcgtgtatcatagat
>ECK125138116 rsmCp3 reverse 4607725 Sigma70 Weak
gtcaggggcgcaaatatagcaaattcgtcgataccgcgccaacatatggctataatcgccGccagtatcaattgaggagca
>ECK125137555 rsmEp4 forward 3091068 Sigma70 Weak
atcataacccgtatgtgcaacgcgcttgccaggcgcgaaagagctaacctacactagcggGattctttttgttaaccccta
>ECK125141558 rsmGp reverse 3923756 Sigma70 Weak
cgtcacgcctgcggccatctccattctgctggtgtggctgaaaaaacagggtatgctgcgTcgtagcgcataacgcattaa
>ECK125137279 rtnp1            forward 2270678 Sigma70 Weak
tgttttcattcatcagagaaaatgatgtttccgcgtcttgatccaggctatagtccggtcAttgttatcttttaaatgttg
>ECK125137145 ruvBp3 reverse 1945452 Sigma70 Weak
gaccgacgatgctgaacaagaagcggttgccgcgctggtggcgctgggctataaaccacaAgaagcaagccgcatggtgag
>ECK120015432 ruvCp            reverse 1947439 Sigma70 Weak
gtctgatcgatatgctggaagattgcgacgacgtgcaggaagtttaccataacggtgaaaTctctgatgaggtcgcagcga
>ECK120033029 sbcDp            reverse 416977 Sigma70 Weak
tattgatttccgtggcgcagaaaaaagcaaatggcacatctgtttgggtataatcgcgccCatgctttttcgccagggaac
>ECK120033031 sdaCp            forward 2928035 Sigma70 Weak
gcccttaaattctcttttacttttgatttacagagtaaagcgttgggataatctatcttcCaagtagattattgtatttga
>ECK125137168 sdiAp6 reverse 1996851 Sigma70 Weak
tatatataaatcttatttatgtgatagtttgaattatcattataaatgatactcactctcAggggcgttgcggtttactat
>ECK125137867 selBp5 reverse 3759925 Sigma70 Weak
agtcattagccgcccgctggcgtgaattgccagtgccggtgattggtcgtatttatgacgGacgattgtggctggatttac
>ECK125136519 selUp4 reverse 531358 Sigma70 Weak
attgagtctggcatggcgcaaatttggcagcggcaaagcggtagaagatattgtgaccttGtttacccagcgcaggccgga
>ECK120010610 serUp            reverse 2043562 Sigma70 Weak
caaaattgcacggacagggactgttaaaatgccaaatttcctggcatcatggcaaccatcTgaacggagagatgccggagc
>ECK120010612 serVp            reverse 2818697 Sigma70 Weak
ataaaagtgtaggaaaaattgtttgacttataagtctcagaaagtaatatgtgcgccacgCagcgacgatgagcgataaac
>ECK120010605 serWp reverse 926007 Sigma70 Weak
caataattatcattaaaattcttcttgaccgttttactccaactccctatagtagcgcccCgttgccacccatgaggtttg
>ECK120010607 serXp            reverse 1097676 Sigma70 Weak
gcgattttttcaaaaagtttgttgacctcaggtcatgatttccctaaattagcgcccgttCcagcaagacaggaacgacaa
>ECK125137272 setBp2 forward 2263713 Sigma70 Weak
agtttgatgtgctgcacaattttttgccatttttcctaattgctgatgggaaaatccgttAtcagcaatttcatttcagca
>ECK125137273 setBp3 forward 2263836 Sigma70 Weak
attcgtggcgcttttgatttcgctgtctgtttattttctgacaagcagcgtaaactccgcGtcttcctcttccagtgatcg
>ECK125137889 setCp10 forward 3836768 Sigma70 Weak
tcaaatcaacttgttttatttttactatcaaaaatagctcattgccttactataattaatAtataaattcggtaattaatt
>ECK125137890 setCp12 forward 3836877 Sigma70 Weak
ttgctggccctataatattgcgctagcattgctttctggttgtatcagcgatactcaaaaAttcttaatacaatactcatt
>ECK125137891 setCp13 forward 3836838 Sigma70 Weak
ggtaattaattcttaacatgcttttactaataatctcaattgctggccctataatattgcGctagcattgctttctggttg
>ECK125136528 sfmAp4 forward 558062 Sigma70 Weak
aatttaccgcttcaggtctatatttgtgttgaatatattttgcgcggaagtattcatctaAcggggctctctattttttag
>ECK125136529 sfmAp6 forward 558166 Sigma70 Weak
agacattcttagaggataaaaaggaatttactactatcagtgtcttaaataaagtaatcgGttatatacggatgtggagtc
>ECK125136530 sfmCp4 forward 558807 Sigma70 Weak
atgaataatcaaaaccacgttgttttgaattatatatcacgtcttataacaaagtaatgtAccggttgtctgaagcggtat
>ECK120010937 sfsAp            reverse 161515 Sigma70 Weak
accctttacgcctcctcgtttgcccgtggacgcacacgctacacgccgctaaaacgctggGcgctaacgcaataacaagga
>ECK125137691 sfsBp2 forward 3334796 Sigma70 Weak
aacacttattcagctctataacacctgaaaaatagggatgtgcatctttatatattctgaAtattcacactctttacagga
>ECK120030789 sgrRp            reverse 77338 Sigma70 Weak
aactgacgcatggggcacccccttgcttcatcgttaggaattattgacttaatatagggaAaataaaattgctgtcttttg
>ECK125137190 shiAp11 forward 2053534 Sigma70 Weak
ctgcgctttcatcttccatcgaatttttcatgttgccgctaatcagccataaaatcatttGcagatgcgctctgtcgaggt
>ECK125137028 slyAp10 reverse 1721014 Sigma70 Weak
aacaccagatcttgtaagggcaatcctgttgcattgagcataaacttcacaaagtagattCctttacgaccgaatatattg
>ECK125137029 slyAp13 reverse 1720849 Sigma70 Weak
atacatttgttttagcaatacaattgctgcacactattctaaaagccgcataatatcttaGcaagctaattataaggagat
>ECK125137030 slyAp14 reverse 1720865 Sigma70 Weak
gtaaccaaatgcagcaatacatttgttttagcaatacaattgctgcacactattctaaaaGccgcataatatcttagcaag
>ECK125137746 slyDp6 reverse 3478699 Sigma70 Weak
aaatgcccggcctgtcaggcgcaggattcaatggcgatgtggcgcgaaaataatattgatAttgttgaatgtgttaagtgc
>ECK125137444 smpBp5 forward 2754767 Sigma70 Weak
tccggctaatctgaggcataacaatttccatcaacaaaaatccaacaaataatatcatttAtcctgctgtaaaaaaaacgc
>ECK125137344 smrBp6 forward 2448436 Sigma70 Weak
cagcgcaacatgtcctgaatggtttgcagctcatttactgcttcatcaacgaaaattttaTccacgtattcctccagggca
>ECK120009846 sohBp1 forward 1329284 Sigma70 Weak
aaatggatactttgtcatactttcgctgcaataacatctctgcgagacggcttaacatgcCtgttgtaaactgtgagccaa
>ECK120010254 speAp reverse 3086048 Sigma70 Weak
ttctcgtggtttcgccgaactttcacacttacgttcggttatgtgcttaataatgttatgAaaaagaaaccggttgcgcag
>ECK125137084 sppAp6 forward 1848711 Sigma70 Weak
ttgatcaatagttcgagtgcatccatttgattaactcctgtcgtgatatttattcacaaaAttaacacgagagtggatttt
>ECK125137424 srmBp4 forward 2712876 Sigma70 Weak
cccgagaagcgatatccatacaaacagatgaagattgcagccgtaacgtctataatcagcGccccacacagaggtagaaca
>ECK125137445 ssrAp2 forward 2755507 Sigma70 Weak
attggctatcacatccgacacaaatgttgccatcccattgcttaatcgaataaaaatcagGctacatgggtgctaaatctt
>ECK125136692 ssuBp3 reverse 994141 Sigma70 Weak
tggcgatgaatgcgcgggagtttttgcaaacggacgtggtggtagtcgctattattctttAcgccctgctcggcaaactgg
>ECK125137049 sufEp3 reverse 1759481 Sigma70 Weak
cacaaaacaggcttggcgttattgcttttaatctcggtaaacaccacgcctatgatgttgGcagttttctcgataattacg
>ECK120032969 symEp reverse 4579917 Sigma70 Weak
ttgcccattttattctatttttagctggactttccccatatttactgatgatatatacagGtatttagcgcggtgcggatg
>ECK125138059 tabAp4 forward 4474834 Sigma70 Weak
ataattcacgcgttaaggctagcggaattgattatcttttcgtataacgatagaaatgaaAcgttgttttaattaaggagt
>ECK125137504 tasp4            forward 2971569 Sigma70 Weak
gctggccttaagatttttctctttcccttttcccttccctctgccatttttatattccttAtgtcgtgattataaaaagga
>ECK125136567 tatEp3 forward 658871 Sigma70 Weak
tattatgatgtttttttactcggcgcttgattcaccttgttacagattgctattgtgtgcGcgcgtcgaatgaccgttaat
>ECK125137658 tdcGp2 reverse 3259826 Sigma70 Weak
cgtgtttatcaccgatctgaatgattttgccaccatcaacgaagtctataagcagttcttCgatgagcatcaggcgaccta
>ECK125137659 tdcRp4 forward 3267221 Sigma70 Weak
tttccagagtatcgttattacaattaaatacctttaaatatcaacaagttaaagtataaaAatcagcataaaccctgattt
>ECK125137661 tdcRp6 forward 3267190 Sigma70 Weak
gtgcgaccactcacaaattaactttcaatactttccagagtatcgttattacaattaaatAcctttaaatatcaacaagtt
>ECK125136838 tdkp8            forward 1293493 Sigma70 Weak
tacccacttctgtgcatactgttgagctgaaaaactgacgaattatgataaactccagccAactttatttcatatcattga
>ECK125136362 thiQp2 reverse 73085 Sigma70 Weak
acgtccactggcgcaggcgctggcctttgcatgcgtgctgtcgattggtgattttggcgtGgtggcgttgttcggtaacga
>ECK120010601 thrUp            forward 4175381 Sigma70 Weak
aaaacaaattatgcaattttttagttgcatgaactcgcatgtctccatagaatgcgcgctActtgatgccgacttagctca
>ECK120010587 thrWp forward 262841 Sigma70 Weak
gccatttgattcacaaggccattgacgcatcgcccggttagttttaaccttgtccaccgtGattcacgttcgtgaacatgt
>ECK125136616 tolBp6 forward 777537 Sigma70 Weak
aacctgaaggtggcgatcccgcactttgtcaggctgcgttggcagcagctaaacttgcgaAgatcccgaaaccaccaagcc
>ECK125136720 torSp5 reverse 1056182 Sigma70 Weak
aaggctttatgctagatgcattccgctttgcgactcaacctttttcacctaaagtgcaccGaccgtgaatttaaccctgac
>ECK125136833 tprp1            reverse 1287188 Sigma70 Weak
caccatcactttcaaaagtccctgaacttcccaacgaatccgcaattaaatattctgcccAtgcggggaaggatgagaagc
>ECK125136897 trkGp1 forward 1423741 Sigma70 Weak
ttcataaggaacagtgaagtaagatctaagaggagttaaattttatacagtataatcataAtattgcagcaaggtggttat
>ECK125136898 trkGp7 forward 1423671 Sigma70 Weak
tcagcaatacataaccgagcagtgtttaaagtaaaatcttaactacaatatgattcatttTgatgattgtttcataaggaa
>ECK125136848 trpAp4 reverse 1317303 Sigma70 Weak
ctcccacgccctggcccatgcgttgaaaatgatgcgcgaaaacccggataaagagcagctActggtggttaacctttccgg
>ECK125137624 tsaDp2 reverse 3210628 Sigma70 Weak
tttgtaaagcaccgcggccttttttgaaagggacttttataagggtgaggagtatacacgAggctttctccaggggcgaac
>ECK125137625 tsaDp3 reverse 3210568 Sigma70 Weak
aggctttctccaggggcgaacaaagttttacatcaacccgcattggtcctacactgcgcgGtaataaagcgaggtaaaaca
>ECK120015954 tsrp1            forward 4591412 Sigma70 Weak
aattgaccgctatcctgtagtgatgttgccagagttacgcgcgcgtaaagtaaggtaaatAactgagtggttattttaggg
>ECK125136885 ttcAp5 reverse 1411985 Sigma70 Weak
catgaacgacgaacagatagccatgttgaatgcgcggttatcgtagttgcaaagtttgccCccaatttgccccatttagta
>ECK125109141 ttdAp            forward 3206424 Sigma70 Weak
taattacatattcacggtggcaaaaaatataaaaccacatttttagtggtagtttgtggcGgtgaatttttccagacaaat
>ECK125137801 tusAp7 reverse 3609020 Sigma70 Weak
aattttcacgcaatcgttaacctagtttgcttacggactcacagggcgtaaactagcgccGtttttttaagtgatgagaag
>ECK125095202 tynAp            reverse 1451498 Sigma70 Weak
atttcactaagttttgtgacgttgtcacattatgcatgatgtgtacatctattttcagggCatccactgtatgaaaagctg
>ECK120010086 ubiCp            forward 4252443 Sigma70 Weak
ttttaccacttcatgcgattgttgcgtttttgttgcgtattagatcacttaatttgctttAcatctcccgtaaacactttt
>ECK125137940 ubiDp8 forward 4024809 Sigma70 Weak
cctgtctttcgaggtgttcctgggcacgttgaagttgcccgcgcttgcagtacagtaaatAccaggattgcataatgactc
>ECK125137941 ubiDp9 forward 4024970 Sigma70 Weak
agagttcacgctaatttaacaaatttacagcatcgcaaagatgaacgccgtataatgggcGcagattaagaggctacaatg
>ECK125137209 ugdp9 reverse 2099735 Sigma70 Weak
tcttatagactaaatttcactgcttaatattaacttaataaatatcagctattcttataaAgaaaatctgaattgtttttc
>ECK125137019 uidCp5 reverse 1692988 Sigma70 Weak
cgcacatcaattgccttagtaccttgcggatttatgctactggcattcgttattatctggTtttatccgctcacggataaa
>ECK125137020 uidCp6 reverse 1693006 Sigma70 Weak
gaagttattatgggcatccgcacatcaattgccttagtaccttgcggatttatgctactgGcattcgttattatctggttt
>ECK120010065 uidRp            reverse 1697075 Sigma70 Weak
gccttcgcactattcaacagcaatgataggcgctcacctgacaacgcggtaaactagttaTtcacgctaactataatggtt
>ECK125136509 ushAp6 forward 504886 Sigma70 Weak
cagatttatcttcaccggacgcagacttgtctatgatgtcgcgtcatactatttttcaacAcgttgaaatcaggtcaggga
>ECK125137157 uspCp2 forward 1979598 Sigma70 Weak
tacatatattaaccacttgtttaatgcggagaatcagtacactattttcttataattacaTttgaaattatatgatcaccg
>ECK125137158 uspCp4 forward 1979668 Sigma70 Weak
tatgatcaccgggagtgattgattaattatctttactaataatcagactaatatttacctGtttgaccgagttgggattgc
>ECK125137160 uspCp6 forward 1979619 Sigma70 Weak
taatgcggagaatcagtacactattttcttataattacatttgaaattatatgatcaccgGgagtgattgattaattatct
>ECK120010060 uxaBp2 reverse 1610737 Sigma70 Weak
taaaactgctcattaatcatcaggagttgatcaaaacaggggttcggcgtattaaagtttGctaacctgtcgtaccaattc
>ECK120010059 uxaCp            reverse 3244857 Sigma70 Weak
gcaaggccagtactggcgcggcctgcagcgagatttaccactttgagagtaatttttttaActacgtttattgatctaact
>ECK120010061 uxuRp forward 4554458 Sigma70 Weak
actgatatttggttgaccagttttcgtttttttgcccacctgtacgtgccaacttccagtGctaatggtatagtttgagat
>ECK120010596 valUp            forward 2520924 Sigma70 Weak
aacaatttctttagaaaatgcgttgactcattttgaactctccctataatgcgactccacAcagcgggggtgattagctca
>ECK125137879 waaUp5 reverse 3799424 Sigma70 Weak
ataatttatcagatgatacagctatttcttacgatgtaattccatttattaaacttcaagAcatcagtgcagaagaatcaa
>ECK125137880 waaUp6 reverse 3799496 Sigma70 Weak
taagtagggatttattcaaaatattgccattttttcgttttatgcatgataatgtaaaagAtattaatatttataatttat
>ECK125137223 wzxCp5 reverse 2120337 Sigma70 Weak
gcataacgaacagtatcgacagctcattgaaggctacatgctgcgccataaggtgaaaccGggcattaccggctgggcgca
>ECK125137887 xanPp4 forward 3828919 Sigma70 Weak
aatatttagatgaggatgtggcaaacgtttgcttttctctttcggtcagctaaaatgcccGctttgctaccacgggattgt
>ECK125137537 xanQp3 forward 3024260 Sigma70 Weak
gcttcggcggcctgtttctctgtttgaacgatgactaaatagtgactgcgaaaatgagatAagccgttctcaaggcgtcct
>ECK120009912 xseBp            reverse 441373 Sigma70 Weak
cacatcaccttaccattgcgcgttatttgctatttgccctgagtccgttaccatgacgggGcgaaaaatattgagagtcag
>ECK125136346 yaaAp5 reverse 6615                  Sigma70 Weak
ctgctctcgcctgtggttcataccattgccagtgattatctacgccagcgtaaactcggcGtgcgcccggtgtttgatcca
>ECK125136349 yaaIp2 reverse 11938 Sigma70 Weak
attttttgtgcttttgcgcagaaatttcgcgatatggcaggacaagacgtaaaattgacaGcaattttattcatataaaga
>ECK125136350 yaaIp3 reverse 11913 Sigma70 Weak
ttcgcgatatggcaggacaagacgtaaaattgacagcaattttattcatataaagaatgaAtcgcagccaaggcattcatc
>ECK125136351 yaaIp4 reverse 11825 Sigma70 Weak
tgtaataaaaagaaaagattacgtgcctgaatcttctctttatcagcagtaaactagtggGtattcatccccctacctctt
>ECK125136347 yaaJp4 reverse 8017                  Sigma70 Weak
caaaacctcatgtatgctacgcagaagttatcaagtacctcgtagcgtatatacttcttaAacaattggtaacgtttacac
>ECK125136344 yaaXp4 forward 5030                  Sigma70 Weak
ctgcccgccgattttgctgcgttgcgtaaattgatgatgaatcatcagtaaaatctattcAttatctcaatcaggccgggt
>ECK125136367 yacHp5 reverse 131466 Sigma70 Weak
gtaccgcaacgggcagaatagcaggattttgacgaggtgttaatctgtttacaaaaaagcAacataaaaaagtggctgaat
>ECK125136370 yadDp3 forward 146898 Sigma70 Weak
tgccatgtatcgcctgtaacgaattgatatttctctgaacgctgctcggtaaacaataaaGaggtggctgacgatagcgcg
>ECK125136378 yadNp7 reverse 157055 Sigma70 Weak
ctaaccaattgcacttgtgaacttatttttacttaattttgaattaagtaaatttaatttGttcaaaagcttctaaagtgc
>ECK125136379 yadNp8 reverse 157031 Sigma70 Weak
atttttacttaattttgaattaagtaaatttaatttgttcaaaagcttctaaagtgcacaAtaggcgacctaatgaacaat
>ECK125136383 yadSp5 reverse 177786 Sigma70 Weak
cacgctcgccacaggcgattgtcattacaggcggaccggaccaaattcctaaaatcaaacAatactggggtgaacagctca
>ECK125136384 yadSp6 reverse 177700 Sigma70 Weak
cccgttattcctctcacgagtgactggtttgaacgtgcaagcccacgtattatcctcgctGcacaacagctctgtaatgcg
>ECK125136396 yaeQp6 forward 214195 Sigma70 Weak
tgtcagcactctgacttaaccgtggatgcaagtctaagcctacgaagataaactctgtttCgcaaggtgactataccacac
>ECK125136394 yaeRp3 forward 211858 Sigma70 Weak
gagtcctaaaaatggcgggataacttgccagagcggcttccgggcgagtaacgtgctgttAacaaataaaggagacgttat
>ECK125136409 yafKp6 reverse 245993 Sigma70 Weak
catgtcgaaccggactggatcctgatttacaaacttaccgataaacttttacgatttgagAgaactggaactcacgcggcg
>ECK125136410 yafLp6 forward 246641 Sigma70 Weak
ttaataaacggatgtttttacataattaactgaaatatatatgttaattttataataatgGtttattaagtttgttcagaa
>ECK125136402 yafSp2 forward 234784 Sigma70 Weak
tcatcattcaaaacccagatgtaattgtcatcaaaggcgggaatactgttaagattcataGattacctctcagtgtgaaac
>ECK125136403 yafTp4 forward 237235 Sigma70 Weak
tcagcttaaatatatttctagagaataaatttatattgattaaatgaatgtatatttcaaAttgattttgtttgttattat
>ECK125136404 yafTp5 forward 237260 Sigma70 Weak
taaatttatattgattaaatgaatgtatatttcaaattgattttgtttgttattatttaaGtgaggtatataattagagtc
>ECK125136405 yafTp6 forward 237278 Sigma70 Weak
atgaatgtatatttcaaattgattttgtttgttattatttaagtgaggtatataattagaGtccgttatcaatgctaaata
>ECK125136422 yagEp3 forward 282223 Sigma70 Weak
cgcactccctcttcccttccgatttacctctccttgttctgcgtcatagtatgatcgttaAataaacgaacgctgttctat
>ECK125136423 yagEp8 forward 282252 Sigma70 Weak
ctccttgttctgcgtcatagtatgatcgttaaataaacgaacgctgttctataatgtagaAcaaaatgattcagcaaggag
>ECK125136424 yagGp6 forward 285271 Sigma70 Weak
acggctttgttgtttttgaaatttattaatttaaacaattagttgagatatatcgttggcGtcacaaaagcaaaataacgt
>ECK125136428 yagIp1 reverse 289192 Sigma70 Weak
gagagggagaacaccggctccatttcattgatttttcatcccgaaaaaggtacgttttcgCcttaattccagcgtggacat
>ECK125136429 yagKp6 reverse 293118 Sigma70 Weak
caggctggggctaccttcgtctcaaatttagatgttggataggtattatataatggcattGtgtactcttactacctgtat
>ECK125136430 yagLp7 reverse 294031 Sigma70 Weak
tatccggttgtttgttggattgatatttaccatgtcaatgaaatggtggttatgctgccaGtgctccgcaaaacagatgtt
>ECK125136434 yagNp8 reverse 295656 Sigma70 Weak
aacaacgttgatatgcgttgattccattaaaaatcaacatattacaaaatatcatcaactAttgatcaagatagattttca
>ECK125136460 yahCp5 reverse 335068 Sigma70 Weak
atttgtttctttgacccgataccctttcactcaatcaggttttatttctctatagtctgcAcatgtaagagtagctttcgt
>ECK125136461 yahMp4 forward 345252 Sigma70 Weak
atgcagatgttttgtgaatgtgttggttgacattcatatgaaaaaaatcataattccatcAtgtttgtgtggggtcttttc
>ECK125136465 yaiOp4 reverse 380957 Sigma70 Weak
gataaattaggttgttatatcgggcagcgttcacgccttggcgtacaagttattattttgCctgggcgaattatttccccg
>ECK125136472 yaiSp14 reverse 384830 Sigma70 Weak
gaacatattttttaaatgcaattaattgacaaactaaatcacatctaaatacaatgtataAaacaaaataactatacatac
>ECK125136476 yaiVp4 forward 394461 Sigma70 Weak
gttaaatatacctggtaatattcttcactccgaagaaatactggtaatttaatctaaataAtgcccgtcaaggatttgacg
>ECK125136477 yaiYp5 reverse 399460 Sigma70 Weak
cgtaattgttaataaatttaacttaaggttgccattttgtgactcacaacgaagattcacGcttcgggaatattcccaaca
>ECK125136478 yaiYp6 reverse 399547 Sigma70 Weak
tacaggcagattcatggcagctccgttaacgaaaaacaacatccttgcatattctgcaacAaccgtctgtggtgtagacaa
>ECK125136485 yajDp5 forward 430530 Sigma70 Weak
gccgtaatcaagttcccgttgatgttgaaaatcccggtcagaagatcgggattttttttgAtgtatggagattgcgaaaat
>ECK125136503 ybaNp8 forward 490857 Sigma70 Weak
gcagggcggttttcacgataagacctcaatgaaaatgataattgttatgctaaagtagccActctgtaagctgacaacact
>ECK120034940 ybaOp forward 468352 Sigma70 Weak
tgccgtggtgtttaaaccgcacagaataaattgtcgtgatttcacctttaaaataaaattAaaagagaaaaaaattctctg
>ECK125136510 ybaPp3 reverse 508262 Sigma70 Weak
atgcagcaactctgctaactcattgattttcaaatcgagcggttccagatattcatagagAagaatatctccgggtgtcgt
>ECK125136513 ybaQp3 forward 508174 Sigma70 Weak
gcggtgagggatggcgcaaatggagttggagacttgtttaatgtgtttgtatgattcagtAtgttcttgcatcgctattca
>ECK125136493 ybaVp3 forward 463752 Sigma70 Weak
cccagaacaacgcacaaatcgtctttgaagctctgatgagtaacctgcgtaaagaggcgaAaatcaaaattggcgatgcgc
>ECK125136517 ybbOp4 reverse 519329 Sigma70 Weak
ctgaaccattgttaatgcaaatacgtctgcctgcaaactatggtcgccgttataatgaagCctttagcgccatttacccca
>ECK125136523 ybcIp5 reverse 556632 Sigma70 Weak
ttgcaggtcacagcgtacaggttgttgcctgatccctttcccggcctgtatcaacaggccGgttctcttttcagacttttg
>ECK125136524 ybcJp3 reverse 556967 Sigma70 Weak
aaagttgtgggcgacgtcgtgtttgaagacgcggctaaacgcgcctcatacattacgcctGttcccggcggcgttggcccg
>ECK125136525 ybcJp4 reverse 556891 Sigma70 Weak
gcccgatgacggttgccacgctgattgaaaacacgctacaggcgtgcgttgaatatcatgAtccacaggatgagtaacatg
>ECK125136527 ybcJp7 reverse 557025 Sigma70 Weak
ctggatcaaagaaggcgcaattgtgattgatgtcggcatcaaccgtctggaaaatggcaaAgttgtgggcgacgtcgtgtt
>ECK125136535 ybcKp5 forward 568810 Sigma70 Weak
tgctttcaagattatggcgtaagaaaattgcaatacgattattgttgtatattcaagataAtgtgaccttaattgtctttt
>ECK125136536 ybcKp7 forward 568751 Sigma70 Weak
ttatatgagcctcgttttatgctttttgttaatgtctttattttttatgtattcttttgtGctttcaagattatggcgtaa
>ECK125136537 ybcLp2 forward 570847 Sigma70 Weak
tgggggtacaattgtgattgcttttgcatgaacattgcgcctttatgcataatgagataaAggaatatcaaataaaataac
>ECK125136544 ybcWp7 forward 579844 Sigma70 Weak
gatgtatgtaaggccaacgtgctcaaaccttcatacagaaagatttgaagtaatattttaAccgctagatgaagagcaagc
>ECK125136549 ybdJp4 reverse 606223 Sigma70 Weak
gatctgggccggtgactaagccgggaattgccttacagaagaatatccctgacaatggtgTtttaacttacatttaacaat
>ECK125095188 ybdNp reverse 636686 Sigma70 Weak
atttattgaccgtctaaatgagagtttttgatatataactacagacagctactataacttTcatctatttattcacagcgc
>ECK125136560 ybdRp6 forward 641922 Sigma70 Weak
atacataaccctttctccctgttaatcatgaacaaatcattcgccatgattataatatttAtccctgatatttgtctggtt
>ECK125136568 ybeFp4 reverse 661460 Sigma70 Weak
gccttgctccgtaactcaccccattgattaacctattgaaatagttgattatggtgagcaAaagcgttccgttccaattag
>ECK125136569 ybeFp5 reverse 661545 Sigma70 Weak
gtcattactcataatatctgctaatgctttacatctccttcgcgtttgtatattttctttAtcacttgcagaaatgcggtg
>ECK125136571 ybeFp7 reverse 661386 Sigma70 Weak
caattagacataagattattgtaattttttaaatattatttttccatgaataaaattggaGtaagtgcgtggatagtaata
>ECK125136585 ybeQp12 reverse 676611 Sigma70 Weak
gcattgcgaggctcgtttatttatacttttctgacgcgacataatacgcataaaataaggCttacgcaaaaatggaacaca
>ECK125136581 ybeQp5 reverse 676572 Sigma70 Weak
cataatacgcataaaataaggcttacgcaaaaatggaacacataaaaatataatatgtttTatctgcaaccataaggaaat
>ECK125136582 ybeQp8 reverse 676639 Sigma70 Weak
ttaaatattcattaaatgaatattagccgcattgcgaggctcgtttatttatacttttctGacgcgacataatacgcataa
>ECK125136586 ybeRp5 forward 676590 Sigma70 Weak
acttgacgtgaaaatcattatcatttccttatggttgcagataaaacatattatatttttAtgtgttccatttttgcgtaa
>ECK125136587 ybeRp6 forward 676637 Sigma70 Weak
atattatatttttatgtgttccatttttgcgtaagccttattttatgcgtattatgtcgcGtcagaaaagtataaataaac
>ECK125136589 ybeTp8 reverse 679416 Sigma70 Weak
ctacttttttattattgatgagtataaacttgacgctttcaaaataaaaagaaaatcgaaGcattcacacatgaataaaaa
>ECK125136613 ybgCp5 forward 774709 Sigma70 Weak
tttttacgctcccttaacttgccctcattcccaaacctcaatcgcgcgcgtatagtagcaGcgtttaaaagctctaacttt
>ECK125136621 ybgSp5 reverse 785373 Sigma70 Weak
gattctctgctgcgtttcataacctggctgaaatcttaaaccaatgccttatattcacctGcaaatgcactgttggaagag
>ECK125136626 ybhAp10 reverse 798537 Sigma70 Weak
tgtttgcttcatgaatgctcctttgcatttagcaactgactgtaacagctaaaattagtcGcttttggcggtgaatgctga
>ECK125136625 ybhAp6 reverse 798592 Sigma70 Weak
catgattcagattccagacgtgaatttgctggctctcagggctggcgatataaactgtttGcttcatgaatgctcctttgc
>ECK125136632 ybhBp2 reverse 808035 Sigma70 Weak
tctggatccggccttttggcaaactgatttacctgatgccgccctatattattctcccgcAacagttgcagcgtctgaccg
>ECK125136628 ybhDp2 reverse 800709 Sigma70 Weak
atttttttcataataatgccctcaatttaaaaacataacttattgcgatatggttacattAagggcaaagcatctctaatg
>ECK125136629 ybhDp5 forward 800620 Sigma70 Weak
ataattcatgcttcattattactccggaaaatggaagcgacgattttgggtggctggccgTtaaaaattttaactgcattt
>ECK125136630 ybhHp7 forward 800694 Sigma70 Weak
tgcatttagccaacttaaattaatgaaaaaatgttattaatcgttgagctaaagtcattaGagatgctttgcccttaatgt
>ECK125136634 ybhMp7 forward 820778 Sigma70 Weak
aaaagtattttgtatgcgtggttttaaatttattgatggtgaatattaatattttttctaAggataactaaaagaatggaa
>ECK125136643 ybiOp2 reverse 845509 Sigma70 Weak
ggaggcacaccagattcctctcatttaaaatcgcccctcctccagcatctatacttatctTtttgctctattttctcactg
>ECK125136654 ybiVp5 reverse 860088 Sigma70 Weak
ccgggctaaatcattcacatcatcaatttcatccttactttcattcgaaatataatttgtGctctgcgtcacattgttatt
>ECK125136659 ybjLp10 reverse 889941 Sigma70 Weak
tataggccaacgcaattcatatagccgttgatacctaatgtgattacactagtaaaatatAttgttactttactatcgttt
>ECK125136661 ybjMp4 forward 889940 Sigma70 Weak
tttttaccagaattcagggcgcagattcattcagcgcacctaaacgatagtaaagtaacaAtatattttactagtgtaatc
>ECK125136662 ybjMp8 forward 889885 Sigma70 Weak
ctaacttcttgtttactagtaagctgttgaaagaaatggtaatttacgataatgttttttAccagaattcagggcgcagat
>ECK125136664 ybjOp5 forward 897947 Sigma70 Weak
aaaacagcggatacgcgacatccagcgtgcaagacgtggctgaagacactaaaatttgccAacctggctacataatgccgc
>ECK125136665 ybjSp3 reverse 906898 Sigma70 Weak
gtatgccggggctgttttactggttattgatgatccccgcgcatctgtttatttttcgcgGaatggcaaaacaaatcgcca
>ECK125136676 ycaDp6 forward 945839 Sigma70 Weak
ccgctgggatatcgcgtattttcacccattgacaatgtttttggcggtggcatgatgcgcAtgaaatttgaacttcctcac
>ECK125136690 ycaIp7 forward 964238 Sigma70 Weak
ggaactggaagctgcctcgcagagttttgaacagttttcaccctttcgttaaattcttctGaatatgcctcggggaacgca
>ECK125136681 ycaKp3 forward 949547 Sigma70 Weak
ctaactcatcgcccgctgcacgaaagctttgattacgggccacggcaaagaaagtggcaaAgtcagacatattcatccgca
>ECK125136683 ycaKp5 forward 949643 Sigma70 Weak
cattaactcatcctgaatcatcacgtttacaggattatgccgcctgcgtaaagtgcgctcCagaacttaacgtggaggtaa
>ECK125136686 ycaLp6 forward 960255 Sigma70 Weak
tagcgtcgcttgtcaatgtaagttgttgatacataatatttatatatgattaatcaacggAtgattcacatgaagaatact
>ECK125136688 ycaLp9 forward 960238 Sigma70 Weak
gtcattttgattaatggtagcgtcgcttgtcaatgtaagttgttgatacataatatttatAtatgattaatcaacggatga
>ECK125136677 ycaMp2 forward 947120 Sigma70 Weak
gcttttttgtttcttctatctgacttgctttattccaaattttattcgtttaaaaataaaAtgtgcagcaggttataattt
>ECK125136678 ycaMp3 forward 947145 Sigma70 Weak
tgctttattccaaattttattcgtttaaaaataaaatgtgcagcaggttataattttgcaTttcgctatttccgcacttct
>ECK125136697 ycbWp4 forward 1005890 Sigma70 Weak
ctggttgttttatattcatcgctgttgcttatttagacattttgtacttttattgttgagGttattaagcgaagcgacaat
>ECK125136698 ycbWp6 forward 1005850 Sigma70 Weak
aattcctctttataagataatcagggctttattttcagccctggttgttttatattcatcGctgttgcttatttagacatt
>ECK125136701 ycbZp4 reverse 1018460 Sigma70 Weak
accgctttcaagattttcaagttgttgatatttcatagcgatctcaatgttaccgtgtaaCtctttacagaatatcagctt
>ECK125136702 yccSp2 reverse 1023994 Sigma70 Weak
atcgcacaatgtatttcaatcattggcattcctgtcggcattgcgaactttaaaattgccGctattgcactatggccggtt
>ECK125136704 yccTp5 reverse 1027797 Sigma70 Weak
aaatatgtctatatgttagtaagtatgattaaagaaaaattttgacacattattattcggGcggtcttttgacaggagcta
>ECK125136706 yccXp4 forward 1030061 Sigma70 Weak
gcgtcattgtccggagttttccatggatttgcaacgcgtccattaaggataaggagagcaGcaatgtcgaaagtctgcata
>ECK125136707 yccXp5 forward 1029980 Sigma70 Weak
cgaagtaatgatttttcgcgccctttggctaacactaaacgtacactcataatttactttTctgtcgatgcaaagaaatgg
>ECK125136733 ycdZp4 forward 1100252 Sigma70 Weak
taagtgtgatctacgtcactcataactgcaacggataatttgttgttgcataaaatgtgtGctcgatctcattcatggccg
>ECK125136751 yceFp6 forward 1146761 Sigma70 Weak
aacccgcaatgtgtgcgaattattggcaaaaggcaaccacaggctgcctttttctttgacTctatgacgttacaaagttaa
>ECK125136752 yceFp7 reverse 1146628 Sigma70 Weak
tcgttcagtgctgataacaaacatcaacctgcaaaacgaagcgcatagtttaaaatggctAtcatcaatacgctatatctg
>ECK125136750 yceQp6 forward 1144380 Sigma70 Weak
aacgcgcaactcttcctgctgagttgcgttgattaacattcttttcatcgtaacttactcAttattcttacattgacgact
>ECK125136761 ycfJp3 forward 1167407 Sigma70 Weak
gagtattaaccgcgttatccgtccgcgtttgaagttgcattaatcgacgtacactggcggAtgtggcataaacgcctcatc
>ECK125136811 ycgJp5 forward 1226478 Sigma70 Weak
tcattaaagaacagatacccgttatcttaatatccgccacagaattgctctatcatagaaAccgcagaagacgtctgatac
>ECK125136813 ycgNp3 forward 1228808 Sigma70 Weak
ccgcctgaaagcggcggcaaaacttgcatcgctgtgccagactggttataaggtgcgtttTaacgtaatggcggaacacct
>ECK125136814 ycgNp5 forward 1228750 Sigma70 Weak
gctgacagtcactttcgatgggcattctttgacaactcgcgttttgtaatactttttgccGcctgaaagcggcggcaaaac
>ECK125136825 ycgVp10 reverse 1256111 Sigma70 Weak
agggaataactcgatataaactcacctttgtaagggggatgttaaatatatattaattccTgtgttcctgattttgcccgg
>ECK125136802 ycgXp4 reverse 1213284 Sigma70 Weak
tctttcatgccccctaatttcacctttatcccgccccttagacagaatgttataatctgaAcccacaacagcgtttgtacc
>ECK125136803 ycgXp5 reverse 1213212 Sigma70 Weak
gtttgtaccggagctggtccgttgcaaaatgctcaccgggagaattcagatattccctctAtcacactctgtacatatcac
>ECK120022125 ychOp forward 1273760 Sigma70 Weak
cgcgagaaaatacgacaaaagttgccagtaatcgttattctttaaggctatggtttttcaTtattaccggaagttaccgac
>ECK125122033 yciCp            reverse 1313698 Sigma70 Weak
tgcttttccatacaagacctgatgctgccacccgaggcttaaccagggtacaattgcccgCtaattaacacctgcataaaa
>ECK125122032 yciEp            reverse 1315396 Sigma70 Weak
agcacagaaagtcgagcattatgagattgccagttacgggacattagcgacgctggctgaAcaattaggttaccgtaaagc
>ECK125136855 yciNp10 reverse 1330689 Sigma70 Weak
ggcgctcttgccaccagcgtggtatatttgtctgcaagccatgcctggcgtagactaatgTccttgtttaaggagtaaata
>ECK125136856 yciNp11 reverse 1330790 Sigma70 Weak
gtcaagcaaatctattgccagattgacgaaagcgtcacactgtacctgataaaatccgatAcgcaactttattagcatgca
>ECK125136852 yciNp5 reverse 1330803 Sigma70 Weak
attttggtcgaatgtcaagcaaatctattgccagattgacgaaagcgtcacactgtacctGataaaatccgatacgcaact
>ECK125199578 yciWp            reverse 1350132 Sigma70 Weak
ctgatatttgttatcgccgatccgtctttctccccttcccgccttgcgtcaggataacgaTttcctttacgaccaaggagc
>ECK125136871 ycjMp3 forward 1370185 Sigma70 Weak
ctgcgtgactaaaacccttgtgctcaattgacagtttattttctgcggagtagtctctcgTttcatgggaccgctaccacg
>ECK125136873 ycjWp2 reverse 1383991 Sigma70 Weak
aggccattgattatcaactgcccgtgttgtcatcgaccggcgaactccataagatgtgcaGcattcacgttcggacggagt
>ECK125136889 ydaEp5 reverse 1418219 Sigma70 Weak
ggcaccagacaccgcatcaacaaagttcatttgtaaaaatggagataattatgattgcacAtcacttcggaactgatgaaa
>ECK125136893 ydaSp2 forward 1420277 Sigma70 Weak
ggcctaagtctttaccactaagcattgcttaatattctcctatgcgcattacattaggcaAtccctacccttactgcatta
>ECK125136895 ydaSp4 forward 1420260 Sigma70 Weak
ggcctgctctatcgctcggcctaagtctttaccactaagcattgcttaatattctcctatGcgcattacattaggcaatcc
>ECK125136896 ydaSp6 forward 1420343 Sigma70 Weak
acccttactgcattaggcacagcctattgacaattgcgttaggcgtcgcctaatatttctGtgtgtttttggagttcattc
>ECK125136912 ydbCp1 forward 1474188 Sigma70 Weak
atccagtaatcttgtttacaccttcgcattatttatctcttttcgtttctatactgatttTtcttaatccgttttattaca
>ECK125136911 ydbHp9 forward 1442900 Sigma70 Weak
tcataagactttctccagtgatgttgaatcacatttaagctactaaaaatattttacaaaAtttcaaatttaattgaaagc
>ECK125136918 ydcFp3 forward 1487202 Sigma70 Weak
gcggttaaggacatacgatttcctcctttcagagtgctccgcttctcactattatctcacGcagtattcttaagggaacga
>ECK125136927 ydcIp4 reverse 1495117 Sigma70 Weak
ttgctgtaacataattgctttaattgttaataatattttgcaatcaagttatcataatcaAacaacttcacttgtcagcga
>ECK125136928 ydcJp10 forward 1495133 Sigma70 Weak
agcgatgttaaaaacgaagcggtgtcgctgacaagtgaagttgtttgattatgataacttGattgcaaaatattattaaca
>ECK125136929 ydcJp11 forward 1495154 Sigma70 Weak
gtgtcgctgacaagtgaagttgtttgattatgataacttgattgcaaaatattattaacaAttaaagcaattatgttacag
>ECK125136935 ydcLp1 forward 1502369 Sigma70 Weak
attgacttagcccctttttcggcattgactatgtcgtctgaaaaggggctgaaaaatttaTtttcaccaacactttttttg
>ECK125136936 ydcLp4 forward 1502345 Sigma70 Weak
cttactgaaatttaagtactgatgattgacttagcccctttttcggcattgactatgtcgTctgaaaaggggctgaaaaat
>ECK125136937 ydcLp5 forward 1502446 Sigma70 Weak
tttgccacaacacgaagcggcgctttttgctataacttagaaagtaatataatcatctcaGgaaactattcatgcgtacca
>ECK125136941 ydcPp2 forward 1506754 Sigma70 Weak
tacccgcgcagttaagcgggaaaactatttcgcaacgtcgcgcttgtggctaaaatagccGccatttttcagctactggat
>ECK125136942 ydcSp7 forward 1511515 Sigma70 Weak
aatagcagtcatatttcctaactccttgactatactccagaagataaccttacagacggcAtaatgcgcggtagctcacaa
>ECK125136943 ydcSp9 forward 1511453 Sigma70 Weak
ttcaagaacggctgtaatagcgtttaatttaattcctcttagattgggtaatatgaatttCgaatagcagtcatatttcct
>ECK125136948 ydcXp7 forward 1517236 Sigma70 Weak
ttctactggaaacattcatttttgccaccttttatcattgcccctatgtgtatagtacggGttaagaaaatccgcaataat
>ECK125136950 ydcYp3 forward 1517610 Sigma70 Weak
ttcactgttttaaatcttactcactggcttgacggcaccacgcagacttatatcatttggAtgaatcgataaatttcacaa
>ECK125136960 yddJp5 reverse 1544825 Sigma70 Weak
atttcctgacttatcttccatctatcaaaagtttaagactggacaataataaaataacccAcattgatactaataatacat
>ECK125136961 yddJp6 reverse 1544851 Sigma70 Weak
caaccagttgaaatatataaatcttgatttcctgacttatcttccatctatcaaaagtttAagactggacaataataaaat
>ECK125136968 yddWp6 reverse 1568852 Sigma70 Weak
cgctccctttttcgtgcttgctgtcgtattgacttaacggggataagtacgagaatgagcGcacatctgtttaccggaaac
>ECK125136984 ydeEp1 forward 1621304 Sigma70 Weak
aataagtcgctatacttcggatttttgccatgctatttctttacatctctaaaacaaaacAtaacgaaacgcactgccgga
>ECK125136985 ydeEp4 forward 1621264 Sigma70 Weak
ttgattcgttagtcgccggttacgacggcattaatgcgcaaataagtcgctatacttcggAtttttgccatgctatttctt
>ECK125136987 ydeIp5 reverse 1624559 Sigma70 Weak
tatttgacagctagttggctgattttaaatgccttataacaattggcaatattcttatttGgcaattataaaaatagcaac
>ECK125136988 ydeIp6 reverse 1624543 Sigma70 Weak
ggctgattttaaatgccttataacaattggcaatattcttatttggcaattataaaaataGcaaccagacttaataagtca
>ECK125095187 ydeJp            forward 1624688 Sigma70 Weak
atttaactcactaaagttaagaagattgaaaagtcttaaacatattttcagaataatcggAtttatatgtttgaaaattat
>ECK125136973 ydeNp3 reverse 1582729 Sigma70 Weak
cataacctgttgcatgattatttatgatctcaattctgcattttgtcagtaaaatgcaatAatttattaaatatcaataaa
>ECK125137002 ydfAp8 forward 1648436 Sigma70 Weak
atgttagctatagcatacaaaatcacttgaccgatatgttagtcatggctaatcttgtttGcatcaacacaccgcacggtg
>ECK125137017 ydgCp3 reverse 1682062 Sigma70 Weak
cgcgctgtttttacttactatcaatcgtttctaaacaagttttcatcaggtattctactgAtgacttgttatggaagtgtt
>ECK125137022 ydgJp6 reverse 1704399 Sigma70 Weak
tttgcgatatttagcttttgtcgttggaaaattcgctatttttttgacttaagttaaacaAcatcccttattgctggcagg
>ECK125137037 ydhCp6 forward 1739878 Sigma70 Weak
tgaaaccagtcatcaaatattaccgtttcacaacactaatttcactccctacactttgcgGcggtgtttaattgagagatt
>ECK125137033 ydhLp3 reverse 1725932 Sigma70 Weak
gtgcaagcaaagttgctactttggacattaacagcttcaataatggtaataatcttatctGaggagggcgaagtggcggag
>ECK125095200 ydhOp forward 1734357 Sigma70 Weak
atttttttgcgctcgccaacgaaacgtattttttaacaataaaagctattaactttctctTcttctatgcattagaatcat
>ECK125137045 ydhZp5 reverse 1755167 Sigma70 Weak
cgttatttgtctgattttgtttgatttttgtttaattggttagattgatatatgctgataGttggcatgataaataggtat
>ECK125137060 ydiEp5 forward 1789603 Sigma70 Weak
tactgcttgctctggtcagccataatattgataataagaatcattgttatatcaattattAttaatttttatgcgttatac
>ECK125137053 ydiHp3 reverse 1765147 Sigma70 Weak
aagtgtgacgcatattgcttttggtcattatctgcacagtaaacggtggtatactgtgcaGgtcttgtctaaaagcgagga
>ECK125137056 ydiNp6 forward 1772409 Sigma70 Weak
ggaaaatcgcgatcaaaaacaaactatgacatgcaatattcctggaaacataaactttatGccatgtacccagggaaaatc
>ECK125137065 ydiYp11 reverse 1806250 Sigma70 Weak
aacaatatgatttattggagctttatttaaaattttgcagataaatatatataaataaaaAtctgttttcgccacatgctt
>ECK125137066 ydiYp12 reverse 1806170 Sigma70 Weak
tattcaaaaaatgaaataagaatacattgctaagttattcgcgcctttttataattcgttAcctttccagggacgctaatc
>ECK125137086 ydjEp6 reverse 1854041 Sigma70 Weak
tggtaatttaagcacacgttgtcaatattatttgttcctgcgccttgaaataaaatgatgAtaaagatgcggcaagtgaat
>ECK125137088 ydjFp7 reverse 1854886 Sigma70 Weak
aaatctgtgattcaaacaggttattttgaaagtaaacatcggttatgcgataatcgcgctAatgtgatgtaaaaagataca
>ECK120015516 ydjMp forward 1810170 Sigma70 Weak
gattaatcgtcaatttaagagaaagagttacaccgtcaccacttccgtgcactgtataaaAatcctatactgtacgtatcg
>ECK125137073 ydjOp10 reverse 1813255 Sigma70 Weak
tctattgctataaataagtgatcttttttctttaattgtttatttattttaaaatggttaAgttttgctaatcatgatgag
>ECK125137071 ydjOp7 reverse 1813188 Sigma70 Weak
ctaatcatgatgagctatttttgatagttcatcctgtggcgtcgctcttaaacttatattGtaaatgacttagatttaaat
>ECK125137072 ydjOp9 reverse 1813153 Sigma70 Weak
gtggcgtcgctcttaaacttatattgtaaatgacttagatttaaatgagataataattttGttaacaatatgaggcgggag
>ECK125095204 yeaEp              reverse 1865724 Sigma70 Weak
cgatggtggataaatcctggactggcctgatttctaccgggatcacctacaaattctgatAatgcatctttccagggcatt
>ECK125137091 yeaIp5 forward 1870364 Sigma70 Weak
catacattagcttacaatcgctttaaatatgacagcataacctttacataatttagttccAgaaaacaatcattcggaaaa
>ECK125137093 yeaJp6 forward 1871937 Sigma70 Weak
agccatgctttttgcgtggcttttgcatacaatttattactattacccctaaatttccccTccccagcggcgcagagatga
>ECK125137095 yeaMp6 reverse 1875598 Sigma70 Weak
tacaaacgaggctgtaccttaccgtttttattgttatgttgaatcaagctaaaatgacaaAttatcgctaagttcggacaa
>ECK125137097 yeaNp9 forward 1875648 Sigma70 Weak
ttagcgataatttgtcattttagcttgattcaacataacaataaaaacggtaaggtacagCctcgtttgtaacaatgagaa
>ECK125137098 yeaOp3 forward 1876822 Sigma70 Weak
aactggtctgtaccacttatgggtgttgccatactttcactactgatggcgattttcggaCtttgcgccgggagagacaaa
>ECK120015435 yebBp1 forward 1946110 Sigma70 Weak
atgaagaaaacttgcgaggtgtctcgatgaactgaaaaatggcacagtataatttattctAcaggttatattggaagcaaa
>ECK120015431 yebCp reverse 1948185 Sigma70 Weak
gcggcgctcactaagtcctggagcaaccggcaggcgattgaacagtttgtaattaacgctGcctgaacaggcagggctatc
>ECK120035103 yebGp reverse 1930765 Sigma70 Weak
gtctttattgctgatgttgatttctcaaccgaaaagaaatatactgtataaaatcacagtTattatgagaggctgcaaatg
>ECK125137121 yebQp4 forward 1910157 Sigma70 Weak
catttatcacctcattgcgagtgttttataaaaatcagaactgttttttattataatttcGcaccagggtggtcgcaatcc
>ECK125137124 yebSp5 forward 1916119 Sigma70 Weak
aactggtttctcccgccatcagcgcgttaaagtcgcgatttaaatccgcgtaaaattctgTtttgttcattatataatcac
>ECK125137125 yebSp6 forward 1916181 Sigma70 Weak
ttgttcattatataatcacttggttgtcttacctggatctgccagcctattaaaataagcAttaaatgcgttaatgctcaa
>ECK125137131 yebWp6 forward 1922084 Sigma70 Weak
agaacccgtcggcatggcgggttatttgtcctggttattcccccgttgtaaaatctctccTaaacttaacggtacggcacc
>ECK125137148 yecDp7 forward 1950760 Sigma70 Weak
tgaaatcagactctacgccagtttgctataaaggtgttgcccgaactcataaaaattaacAaaatttgtcgttccgccatc
>ECK125137149 yecDp8 forward 1950636 Sigma70 Weak
aagtcgcagcgttagctgtatgtcacaactgaatgaaaaaaggcggctattatactggaaAttctgccgcaccgtaagagc
>ECK125137165 yecHp3 reverse 1989564 Sigma70 Weak
taacggctgcttcgtcaaaccgacgttacatatggtgtaaatataaatgtacaataaaaaGcattcagtcctgcgctggcg
>ECK125137151 yecMp2 reverse 1959984 Sigma70 Weak
atgaagcgagcaaaaattgcccgcaccagttaaagaaattagggcgggagtatactgcaaAtggctgttttcgtcagcaac
>ECK125137152 yecMp3 reverse 1959872 Sigma70 Weak
gcatcagaagcggcgtgaaatcagcggttggttggcacagggcaacagggtaaattaacgCttttactgaaagacgaagag
>ECK125137172 yedDp5 reverse 2008261 Sigma70 Weak
ccagaatttaatcaaccaggcgtgtttgaattgctgccatgacatgaatgtagcctctgaActcagaaggtttgaaacaag
>ECK125137177 yedIp2 reverse 2029461 Sigma70 Weak
ataaaaaggtggttcatagtaaacgtgaaaatcattctgctggcgagagatataattgcaCttgattgttaaaaaaatgtt
>ECK125137178 yedIp3 reverse 2029370 Sigma70 Weak
gcaagtatcagagctgccgtttttgcttcatacttacacccttcaacaataaaaatgagaGggaatgcttttggccgggag
>ECK125137180 yedJp4 reverse 2033223 Sigma70 Weak
cccgatgcccccgtgtcgggatttgaaagcgatttaggctctaccgcgggaaagtggttaGgggcactggtcggattttta
>ECK125137182 yedXp forward 2038840 Sigma70 Weak
cattcctgggtcctttgattatcttcaataagtagaatcttcatgaaaataatatgccatAaatcatatgttatagaaaca
>ECK125137191 yeeNp4 forward 2056792 Sigma70 Weak
attatggctttagaatatttttatttctaatagacgagatttttcctgttatgatataatAtgctgaattaacacatgtta
>ECK125137192 yeeNp7 forward 2056754 Sigma70 Weak
ccgccaacaatataagtttttataaaattaaatataagattatggctttagaatatttttAtttctaatagacgagatttt
>ECK125137195 yeeOp7 reverse 2059722 Sigma70 Weak
gtttgccgtttctatcaacagtttgttgcatttgcagacaatttgttggcgaaaatctttGcagctttgctgattctccct
>ECK125137200 yeeXp4 reverse 2079417 Sigma70 Weak
atgatagtgaaaagggataaaagcattgtcatctgcggcagctatgagtaatgttggcccTaacgaatagcggttgcttaa
>ECK125137203 yeeZp5 reverse 2089211 Sigma70 Weak
tctggtatacgcggttaccgacgattcactgctcattgcagcatgtcgttatcattattgAacagattcattcatagaatg
>ECK125137224 yegDp2 forward 2147644 Sigma70 Weak
acgctgcgctttgctttcatattccggttgtcgcgacggcaacatttcgctaaagtcacgCcccttcttcaccggcatggg
>ECK125137225 yegIp7 reverse 2151077 Sigma70 Weak
aagttaatcattatcaggccgaaattgaattgtatcctgataaaattgcattatcattttTattcttgagtgggttttccc
>ECK125137226 yegIp8 reverse 2150999 Sigma70 Weak
ccccatatagaaataattttaatggttagttgttattattcattgaaatataatataactAcccgcgaaatattatgaaaa
>ECK125137228 yegJp7 forward 2151016 Sigma70 Weak
cgatgtaaatacttttatatttgttttcataatatttcgcgggtagttatattatatttcAatgaataataacaactaacc
>ECK125137229 yegJp8 forward 2151051 Sigma70 Weak
ttcgcgggtagttatattatatttcaatgaataataacaactaaccattaaaattatttcTatatggggaaaacccactca
>ECK125137230 yegQp1 forward 2165591 Sigma70 Weak
cgggcgtgggttgttggcgtccggcgctttaccagagccccccacagcgctacaatgcccGcccttaaagtgggggcactc
>ECK125137233 yegSp6 forward 2168543 Sigma70 Weak
tattgaagatgccactgtttagttgaatattaggtatatgctcttttttgaaatttatcgGtggcagccgttagtattcgc
>ECK125137240 yehAp6 reverse 2188472 Sigma70 Weak
accgccatcggttaatgtggcaattgataagcaacaaggactttcatgcacaatcaccttCggtaaagagattgatgaaag
>ECK125137242 yehEp7 reverse 2192880 Sigma70 Weak
ttcgtccgaaactctacaaagtcgattgatcatacaggcaatgcttcattatcatccttcGtggctgtgtagtggatgtac
>ECK125137246 yehKp1 forward 2203784 Sigma70 Weak
acctgggtgagtaccggctggtccttaagttttcacccggttttaaccactacaatgttgAtagcaaagcgctaatgagct
>ECK125137247 yehLp3 forward 2204402 Sigma70 Weak
tggattataaatctcattatcttaattgcaacggggtccagccgtggttataattcgttcGttggaacacgatgttgcaca
>ECK125137266 yeiEp6 reverse 2249656 Sigma70 Weak
aaccctctcctttaaccgggcataaggttacgactaactggtttaaaaataaaattgattAtatatttataattaatcttt
>ECK125137267 yeiEp7 reverse 2249638 Sigma70 Weak
ggcataaggttacgactaactggtttaaaaataaaattgattatatatttataattaatcTttataagtggtaagcgacta
>ECK125137264 yeiGp6 forward 2243888 Sigma70 Weak
atacggaagtgaaagttactcacagcacattgaataaacggtatgatgaagaaattgcaaAcaacacaacaaggagccacg
>ECK125137268 yeiHp7 forward 2249666 Sigma70 Weak
gggtgatgtgcatagtcgcttaccacttataaagattaattataaatatataatcaatttTatttttaaaccagttagtcg
>ECK120030649 yejAp            forward 2272312 Sigma70 Weak
gctaaagaaaccgtatacgccgcagtggtaaggtgtgcttacgtcccttattattcatagTgaaagcatgccggattgcgg
>ECK125137300 yfaLp7 reverse 2344284 Sigma70 Weak
atataactgatatccctgaaggttattaacttgaattatgacgcactgatattattcatcAaataataacaaaatagccat
>ECK125137306 yfaZp4 reverse 2364372 Sigma70 Weak
taaagtgtgtttattttttcggcatttaattatttaagaagtatttagttacaataagtgActagatcctttttttcgctc
>ECK125137307 yfaZp5 reverse 2364317 Sigma70 Weak
aagtgactagatcctttttttcgctcattgaatcctctgtgccaggcagtacaatcccgcAgctttgggaattttgattaa
>ECK125137318 yfbKp3 reverse 2385784 Sigma70 Weak
gggttgcgttgttgaatcattatttgctatgggtttcgatattgtattttattaagattaGcaggattatacaaagagtat
>ECK125137324 yfbLp10 forward 2385805 Sigma70 Weak
caggcaccagacataaaatatactctttgtataatcctgctaatcttaataaaatacaatAtcgaaacccatagcaaataa
>ECK125137326 yfbNp8 reverse 2388554 Sigma70 Weak
tattcatcaaacgaatgacattgtttgaattcattagcagataaatagtgacaattccatAcgtattattagtttcaagag
>ECK125137328 yfbOp5 forward 2388458 Sigma70 Weak
agtttacgaatttcacttaaccattccatgtcaaacccctttaaatatttatgatattaaAtataacaacgtctggataac
>ECK125137329 yfbOp6 forward 2388539 Sigma70 Weak
gacccggcctgactgaatatctcacgttttcctgcttaacattcatgttatgatgctcttGaaactaataatacgtatgga
>ECK125137342 yfcLp5 reverse 2444251 Sigma70 Weak
aaatggcattccggaacgtccggcacgcttcattaaagcactacaaaattattatcacacGccggaacttacggcggaaca
>ECK125137345 yfcVp6 reverse 2455821 Sigma70 Weak
aatctttcccctatcaatatattaattaaatctacatttactcattagtaaaattaaattGaatcaggggagtgaaaacat
>ECK125137346 yfcVp7 reverse 2455668 Sigma70 Weak
gctgggtataaacattggctattgactgaatcaatgtattgcaatgtttatattttaattAtttatagtttaaggacaaat
>ECK125137348 yfcVp9 reverse 2455654 Sigma70 Weak
ttggctattgactgaatcaatgtattgcaatgtttatattttaattatttatagtttaagGacaaataatgagtaagtttg
>ECK125137350 yfdFp7 forward 2462984 Sigma70 Weak
taggttctaaataaatgagcgttttttgatagtctatttcattaggtaatatatatttgtAacaaatcaatcaaaatggaa
>ECK125137356 yfdPp6 forward 2473536 Sigma70 Weak
tcagattttgatgcgtcagattttgacgggtcagagtctgacagttgagaaaatgccgctGcctgaagcttcgcaacgtta
>ECK125137362 yfdYp5 reverse 2495333 Sigma70 Weak
gttttcattgatgcttagcaaaaattgccagaggttaaggattgtcttactattaaagtgActgaagttacaggtttttta
>ECK125137367 yfeAp5 reverse 2517869 Sigma70 Weak
aaaatcggcaacaggctggccccctgtttgcttcgcgatgcgaataaacttattatttgtGtgcctgaaaaccccgatcag
>ECK125137374 yfeCp5 forward 2518334 Sigma70 Weak
ttccgcccgaatgtgtcaacggcaaattgcaacgtgtagtttcaatcgctgaaaaatcagGcaaatgaacaattttggaaa
>ECK125137365 yfeOp1 forward 2509453 Sigma70 Weak
cgcccacatcaccgactaatgcatactttgtcattcttcaactgctccgctaaagtcaaaAtaattctttctcacactgta
>ECK125137380 yfeXp3 reverse 2550554 Sigma70 Weak
gaaaaaacacgtaaaatagcgctcaacaatgccacggattgcgtggcattattattttcaGgaggaacaatgtctcaggtt
>ECK125137385 yffOp7 forward 2561993 Sigma70 Weak
cgaaatcataagaattgctagagatttggaagcgccagttgacgctccgttagattgctaAcgccaaaattagcgctgaat
>ECK125137389 yffSp4 forward 2564400 Sigma70 Weak
ttggtaggtagagtatttgaaaaacgtaattgattgcgaatagcaacaactaaacaaccaAtacacccggcccctcgccgg
>ECK125137397 yfgGp6 forward 2629186 Sigma70 Weak
catcattattacatcatcattgtaaataattaaattaacttccataacattaaaatatgtAtccactgacgcttttttaca
>ECK125137399 yfgHp10 forward 2629672 Sigma70 Weak
cctgtttggctgcgaaataaatataaaattaatatatatgttgtaatgatatatttttatAaattattccctgcgtgaatt
>ECK125137419 yfhHp5 forward 2698707 Sigma70 Weak
atggctaactggaatttttaattcatggcaattagcggcaatggaatataaaattcactcGcgtgtgtctcatattgcctg
>ECK125137423 yfiCp3 reverse 2712805 Sigma70 Weak
gacgttacggctgcaatcttcatctgtttgtatggatatcgcttctcgggtattgttctcAcccggtgctatcgccgtttt
>ECK125137425 yfiEp7 reverse 2715344 Sigma70 Weak
tggtagacagtacccgacacggaacatttaaaaaaatgaatgtttttatattctagattcGatattttcgataggtttggg
>ECK125137434 yfiLp10 forward 2741355 Sigma70 Weak
tctgtatagataaatttacactccctttgaaaacaatccgctatgctttgaaaaaggagaAagaaatgatgaaaaagttta
>ECK125137433 yfiLp9          forward 2741315 Sigma70 Weak
tatttacacaggcaatttagtcgcgctttcaacccttacctctgtatagataaatttacaCtccctttgaaaacaatccgc
>ECK125137428 yfiMp2 forward 2724033 Sigma70 Weak
agcactatcgcgatctgcaaagtattgccgattatccggtgaaggttcgtaaactcatccGccgtttgcgccgtatccgca
>ECK125137436 yfiRp5 forward 2741762 Sigma70 Weak
gccagcacaatacgattaaattaattaaaaccccacaaataaattaaacataagattttaCtcattgtgttttatttctca
>ECK125137446 yfjHp2 reverse 2758663 Sigma70 Weak
tagatggtggcccgtgccatacctgttttttggataaccgctggtaaccgtagtattctaAcggccgatcgattgttcatt
>ECK125137448 yfjIp3           forward 2758978 Sigma70 Weak
gccattaatagcggaatagccatatttgctaaacaatttcttaatttaattaaataagagGcattgcatgttcaatggtcg
>ECK125137450 yfjIp9           forward 2758855 Sigma70 Weak
ctgtcggatggattgaggccgagattgatgagtggttatcacaacgctgtaaacttatttGagggtgttacatgaattcat
>ECK125137452 yfjJp6           forward 2760507 Sigma70 Weak
cccagttcggataaaagcttgtcatcttgataggtaatatataggtacatagacacatcaGaacgatcacttactccaata
>ECK125137453 yfjMp3 reverse 2765985 Sigma70 Weak
ccagcccttgaccctggcataggaccaattgattggattgaatagtttttattttcaatgAattgtctggattcagtctcg
>ECK125137457 yfjWp5 forward 2773285 Sigma70 Weak
ctgtatcgagtaatgaaattggttgctagaaagtcgatgatttgttgcgtatgattaaaaAtcaaccttaaaggctttata
>ECK125137465 ygaZp8 forward 2809595 Sigma70 Weak
gttaagaagcccatcagtctgataaggttaagatattcattcagtctatttataatattaAcaatcgttaagcgtacactc
>ECK125137475 ygbEp3 reverse 2873392 Sigma70 Weak
ttagtaacaaatttggtacagcaattattagatctgttgagacagaacgatattatcagaTcctgagacaccaccgggttt
>ECK125137468 ygbIp5 reverse 2861441 Sigma70 Weak
tgacagtgctgctcccattcccattgaccctaagccaacgataccgacatgaaactcagaTcccgttttcatctgctctcc
>ECK125137469 ygbIp6 reverse 2861362 Sigma70 Weak
ccttgttaatttaagtgatattttgtttgatattgtgaatataagcgctggaagataacgGtatggtgatctgattcacat
>ECK125137485 ygcGp6 forward 2905666 Sigma70 Weak
ccaaaattatatttattttttctgtattagtttttaatgataacgaatataaaattaccgAtgccgccgtcaatttattta
>ECK125137492 ygdDp2 reverse 2941721 Sigma70 Weak
agtaaaaatgctttttatctggtttgtcatgacagtcaggcagaactgggtaaaatagccGcctttcgccaatggatcctg
>ECK125137502 ygdQp3 forward 2970392 Sigma70 Weak
gtcattttctgatccagtagccatcgctttgacctgccgctttccgggcatataattaccGcttcatttttttggcagggc
>ECK125137524 ygeHp10 forward 2991879 Sigma70 Weak
acctcttatgttttcttaaatcagcatcttaaaacagttaagagcatactataaatcattAtttttcaatgcgttagagaa
>ECK125137525 ygeIp6 forward 2993581 Sigma70 Weak
aacaacagagataaaaatatctaagatattcaccttattgcaagatatttaaaatgctctAgagttaaaagtatgatgtaa
>ECK125137527 ygeIp8 forward 2993603 Sigma70 Weak
aagatattcaccttattgcaagatatttaaaatgctctagagttaaaagtatgatgtaaaGaccattggcctggacaatta
>ECK125137550 yggIp3 forward 3089659 Sigma70 Weak
ccaaacacgtttcgctggaacatattgaacgtaatctgatgaaaggtcgtaaactgcgcgAaataggcgctcacgattaat
>ECK125137558 yggMp3 reverse 3099593 Sigma70 Weak
tttttcacttcagactcacgtccattgccaattttaattaccctaatgataatcaccggaAtaaattattccgcgtgaggt
>ECK125137589 yghAp5 forward 3149483 Sigma70 Weak
caagcagccagcgagaagcatacattgcattttcaagaaaacgttccatacattcctgtcGtgtagttaaaacgggcaaca
>ECK125137564 yghDp2 reverse 3111211 Sigma70 Weak
cttcacctccagctacgggccgcgaactttgccagtttcgacaaactgcgtagtgtactgGcaaccgattatgttgtgcaa
>ECK125137569 yghJp6 reverse 3119320 Sigma70 Weak
tatctgttgcttttgcaatcttaatcgttaaaactaccaacaaatttatatagttacgttGtgaaatgttgttaatttttt
>ECK125137575 yghQp6 reverse 3132449 Sigma70 Weak
cacagaaggcggtttctctggttgccatcgtttctgaccgccgaagtttaacttaaggctGgcgggatactttttactatc
>ECK125137582 yghTp10 forward 3134016 Sigma70 Weak
acgaaaaacccggcagtaaataatgtattgaatattacgtggtccgtgctcagaatatccGttcaaccttattgtgacaat
>ECK125137580 yghTp7 forward 3134084 Sigma70 Weak
ttattgtgacaatggttaattgtgacattgacctgaattacgctttcataaaaacatattAaccaaataaatatttttaat
>ECK125137585 yghWp6 reverse 3146753 Sigma70 Weak
aaaatagcgtgcgcaaaagtcgttctttgcctaaaatatcgctatatatgacaatatataGcgaatgaggtgaacgatgaa
>ECK125137613 ygiLp4 forward 3185311 Sigma70 Weak
agtataattgcaatgtattttttaagttttacttaatcgatatttagataaactaattttAtaaaaaacacaaaataaaat
>ECK125137614 ygiLp5 forward 3185342 Sigma70 Weak
cttaatcgatatttagataaactaattttataaaaaacacaaaataaaatatcatatttcAatgattagtagtccttaaat
>ECK125137609 ygiNp2 forward 3173078 Sigma70 Weak
gccgacatttatcgctaatgacgtgataaaaatgcctgatgttccccgctatactgaagaAtatcgcaagcatcttgtgga
>ECK125137593 ygiQp5 reverse 3161182 Sigma70 Weak
cgaggagggcgagtatggaatacctttcgatttctctttcgttccggcttataatccccgGcctttgattatttttttatc
>ECK125137597 ygiSp4 reverse 3167731 Sigma70 Weak
cgcgataagtttgagcgaacaatgccacaggcgtattgttgttgggcttataatttctccGgtaaggaataccatgtatac
>ECK125137603 ygiWp6 reverse 3169749 Sigma70 Weak
accgtatttgctgccagtaaaccgtgttgtaacgcgctctgtacagcactaaattttattTttttcccttaagaagttgtt
>ECK125137605 ygiZp3 reverse 3172253 Sigma70 Weak
tttttttggggattgaaaatatggctttgaataagtaaaagatgaaagtatcaacgtgtcAtgttgataattataaatgga
>ECK125137629 ygjHp3 reverse 3221255 Sigma70 Weak
tttagcctacaggattgagaaaaacttttgctatagtttagtaaaattttaccctaagggAggaagcaatggaaaccgtgg
>ECK125137637 ygjQp5 forward 3236513 Sigma70 Weak
acaaaatctgaaaatgatgtcaggcgttatcttttctttctttagcgcctaaaatcgaccTcccccctttcgttaaggata
>ECK125137642 ygjVp4 reverse 3241819 Sigma70 Weak
agcgtaacgacttccgcgaactggcgatcttcaaaagcggcgtaacgctataaagtcgaaAtgagttgttaataaaaaacg
>ECK125137664 yhaBp3 forward 3267816 Sigma70 Weak
taacgccgggtaaatgagcgttttttgatagtgcgaaagaaccctgcgaggaaaataagcAtctattattgtttgtcatga
>ECK125137650 yhaIp10 forward 3252761 Sigma70 Weak
ccggcttttatcattatgttgatgaatgaataatttactaatgtttatttaaaatatttcAatgtcgttatataaattacc
>ECK125137651 yhaIp11 forward 3252783 Sigma70 Weak
tgaatgaataatttactaatgtttatttaaaatatttcaatgtcgttatataaattacctAtaaaaaataaccatgtattt
>ECK125137653 yhaJp4 reverse 3254280 Sigma70 Weak
tggcagttcgggtagtaatcataattcttgacctctctttacttccttttatggtaagggGctggacgctacattgttagc
>ECK125137680 yhbQp2 forward 3299939 Sigma70 Weak
ttgccagccaacggctgatggcgatgagtgtttccattgctgttctcttttatactgtggGcctgaccttaacatgcgacg
>ECK125137682 yhbUp5 forward 3301437 Sigma70 Weak
caatacaactttaactgccttaaatcaaaaattgtcgcagcaaggttaactaaaatcccaGttcgttaacatttttgcgtt
>ECK125137686 yhbXp6 reverse 3321651 Sigma70 Weak
gtttcgttctgatatggatcagagttgaaaaacatgtctgatataaaattaaacattgttGataattgtttatattggttg
>ECK125137699 yhcAp9 forward 3362094 Sigma70 Weak
tcatcgcaaacagtgcataacatatattaacaatatgtttctgcgttatttatcattattAcaggagttttaatttaaatg
>ECK125137696 yhcCp6 forward 3354218 Sigma70 Weak
caatcaaaattaccgaaatttcatgcataatcacataaatcacttttgcttatcttgtgtCagatttttttatctcctgat
>ECK125137697 yhcCp8 forward 3354235 Sigma70 Weak
atttcatgcataatcacataaatcacttttgcttatcttgtgtcagatttttttatctccTgatggattttaggcaaaaac
>ECK125137702 yhcFp4 forward 3366843 Sigma70 Weak
atgcaaaatggtcaagaagtggtaattgatagcggtaaaagcgttagcctcacactgacaAtggctccagcttttaaggat
>ECK125137710 yhcNp5 forward 3385406 Sigma70 Weak
aaaactagaattaacgataaataaccgtatttttaattcttttttgttattaaaattcacAtttttaacacttagtatcaa
>ECK125137711 yhcNp6 forward 3385481 Sigma70 Weak
tatcaactgaaacagttagcgcggtattaattagctcaataattagtgtatacttgatttTgtgatatgggtcacgaaaca
>ECK125137749 yhfLp4 forward 3499438 Sigma70 Weak
taacgagcagtctgcttatattcatataatcaatgaatattaattaatatataatacataGggaatgtaaatgaacaaatt
>ECK125137750 yhfLp5 forward 3499311 Sigma70 Weak
attcagcaaataaaacatagccccttaataaatattatctgctaatgggttatattcaccGttacagcgacttacaaaatt
>ECK125137751 yhfLp7 forward 3499413 Sigma70 Weak
caattaaatattcctgtatcgttcttaacgagcagtctgcttatattcatataatcaatgAatattaattaatatataata
>ECK125137768 yhgEp6 reverse 3532588 Sigma70 Weak
gtgtggaaaatgttctcaaaaggttaaatcttggtttatatggcgggaatattgtgagtgGaatcgcattcctgaatgaaa
>ECK125137769 yhgEp7 reverse 3532485 Sigma70 Weak
agtatcgattcaccacgctaactttttttgattattttctgaaaaaagcaaaatactactGcccggatgcgataattaacc
>ECK125137770 yhgEp9 reverse 3532538 Sigma70 Weak
attgtgagtggaatcgcattcctgaatgaaattgatgcaaattcaaccggtaaagtatcgAttcaccacgctaactttttt
>ECK125137787 yhhAp4 forward 3586919 Sigma70 Weak
aagcctggtatataactctgaattaatcatcgttttgtcgggaagcgagtaaacttaaagGatatcttcagaggaggatac
>ECK125137814 yhhIp6 forward 3624173 Sigma70 Weak
ttatactcgggcaaatataaatttgcaaaaaatgcgaagataatgtttttaatattttgaAcaatatggcattgaatgata
>ECK125137798 yhhMp4 reverse 3605634 Sigma70 Weak
cagtttagtggcgagggtggacggatgacaacaccataactggcagggtatgcttatttcCgcattttccgatgagggata
>ECK125137799 yhhNp4 forward 3605575 Sigma70 Weak
atcagctttttcccgtcgctgttgcataaaacgaaacgatgcggcgacgacaattaagccAatgataacaataaagaaaag
>ECK125137800 yhhNp6 forward 3605698 Sigma70 Weak
ataagcataccctgccagttatggtgttgtcatccgtccaccctcgccactaaactggaaGcaagaccgtaggcattccgc
>ECK125137802 yhhQp5 forward 3609119 Sigma70 Weak
ggttaacgattgcgtgaaaattaaccattgcattgtcaacgtaaagcagtatcatgcggcGgctcgaaaaaagggtaagca
>ECK120015393 yhhYp           forward 3581111 Sigma70 Weak
caacactttttgcaaaaaaatgcatttgactcgcatttgaaagtcaatgatgttgaaaggGacatttaccccaaagaggac
>ECK125137783 yhhZp5 forward 3581758 Sigma70 Weak
tttgcccaatacatatattgagatttaactcataattacttcctaaagtgtaatattttaTtttttaatatatacgcctac
>ECK125137784 yhhZp7 forward 3581841 Sigma70 Weak
tttcctggagtaaataaataacaattaacaagcataatattgccattgataaaatagcatGccataaaaggacttttcagg
>ECK125137824 yhiDp8 reverse 3656039 Sigma70 Weak
aaggtggcgataccgttactttaaatgaaaccgatctcactcaaattcctaaagtgatcgAatactgtaagaaaaacccgc
>ECK125137816 yhiJp6 reverse 3632595 Sigma70 Weak
aggtgtatgtcataagataaaatgttaactatgtattcctcgcggtaaataatatgaggtAaaatatgaaaattggaactg
>ECK125137817 yhiMp9 forward 3634783 Sigma70 Weak
accccgctatagttatgctatgcatttgtctttaatgatatctcgtcattatattaacagGatgaaattatcattaatgca
>ECK125137820 yhiNp6 reverse 3637500 Sigma70 Weak
ttttttgatttgccccctgtatggatttcactcaaaaaataattatcttatataattcagGcaaatacttccttttagtaa
>ECK125137825 yhjBp4 reverse 3672045 Sigma70 Weak
ccaatataaggaaatcctcaaaattgttttaaatagtgccctcgacatgtaatttcaggcGtttagctgtaactatttata
>ECK125137826 yhjDp5 forward 3673330 Sigma70 Weak
ttatgcagtggctggctggcgtaatgaaagagtacctggactgaccgactatactttttaAgaatgaccacgacagaagga
>ECK125137827 yhjEp8 forward 3674637 Sigma70 Weak
ccagttggtaacttttatttaacctgaaaccagttttatccactatttataaaattatgtGaagcatttcatagaagaaaa
>ECK125137828 yhjEp9 forward 3674757 Sigma70 Weak
tgaccatttccgcgatttgttacacattgaaatatcacttttgctgtgcgtaatatggctAttcgttagccaaaaaataag
>ECK125137829 yhjKp2 reverse 3685648 Sigma70 Weak
gactggtaagttttcagatagcgcctctcttaatgccgctgcgatcgggtatactcgggcGgcaatctgggatttccgggg
>ECK125137838 yhjXp5 reverse 3712060 Sigma70 Weak
gcatttcattccgttctgatggcatttcatgccgtttttccccaggcataaagtgcacttCgttatggttgtcggcagaga
>ECK125137840 yhjYp9 reverse 3712983 Sigma70 Weak
tgacgcatcggtgaaaaagtcaatatttaatacagggctactatgcccgatatccttcatAcaatgacaataatattgccg
>ECK125137853 yiaBp5 reverse 3727767 Sigma70 Weak
atcatttgttaatggcatttttcagttttgtctttcgttggttactcgtaatgtatcgctGgtagatatggagatcgttat
>ECK125137854 yiaBp6 reverse 3727827 Sigma70 Weak
ataattcacatctatatatctcagtaattaattaatatttagtatgaatttattctgaaaAtcatttgttaatggcatttt
>ECK125137845 yiaDp3 forward 3716479 Sigma70 Weak
tgtattgagcagttaaatattacttacaaatttccgagtattcccaggaataatcttcatGttcacgcggcataatctccc
>ECK125137857 yiaTp3 reverse 3751962 Sigma70 Weak
actcccggtacttaagttgtaattttgtcatcgcaacagcccaattatatataattttatAtattactatataaatatgaa
>ECK125137858 yiaTp4 reverse 3751875 Sigma70 Weak
accggagaaattgtaagcattattatgccgactcttttttatcttattttaaaatggaatAccggacatgttaattaatcg
>ECK125137860 yiaTp8 reverse 3751905 Sigma70 Weak
tatatattactatataaatatgaatcttgcaccggagaaattgtaagcattattatgccgActcttttttatcttatttta
>ECK125137863 yiaUp11 forward 3751896 Sigma70 Weak
aaataacgccacaatattgcgattaattaacatgtccggtattccattttaaaataagatAaaaaagagtcggcataataa
>ECK125137861 yiaUp8 forward 3751986 Sigma70 Weak
tttctccggtgcaagattcatatttatatagtaatatataaaattatatataattgggctGttgcgatgacaaaattacaa
>ECK125137864 yiaYp4 reverse 3757880 Sigma70 Weak
atacaatgtgctttttattagattaattttgataatcaataatactgatcatattttcgaAtgaaaatcctcagtaagctg
>ECK125137865 yiaYp6 reverse 3757928 Sigma70 Weak
attaatacaaaattcttatgaatttaaaaaaagcacattgtttaatgaatacaatgtgctTtttattagattaattttgat
>ECK125137877 yibBp8 reverse 3793729 Sigma70 Weak
ccgatgtatgataaataacggaagcatttgaatggataatatacagtatacattctattaAtatttatgatataattcttt
>ECK120033027 yibDp1 reverse 3790149 Sigma70 Weak
ctgctctcattatctctctaccctgaagtgactctctcacctgtaaaaataatatctcacAggcttaatagtttcttaata
>ECK125137871 yibLp6 forward 3776597 Sigma70 Weak
cgaattgcgcagtttttgagcatgttaatgattacgttacagaactattacaatgtcattAgttgtgaacaaagcacctgg
>ECK125137875 yibNp7 reverse 3785056 Sigma70 Weak
aaattgcattccagttaacgcgctggctgtatttgccgcaccgcgcaggtatactcctttCctggtttttttaatcactac
>ECK125137869 yibTp5 reverse 3776420 Sigma70 Weak
gaggattcagcacgttttccttaatgtcatctttaccgggaacctaaactaaaattggcgGccgcgcattcccggcgcggg
>ECK125137896 yicOp10 reverse 3843921 Sigma70 Weak
gttaatagaattattcatatttttctcattttgattttatcaatttgattattatttatcAtaaagaaacgtcgcgagatt
>ECK125137904 yidBp3 reverse 3877615 Sigma70 Weak
cgctacgcttatcaggcctacgaaaatcttgcaatgtattgaattttcatgattttgtagGccggataaggcgttcacgcc
>ECK125137901 yidEp6 reverse 3866390 Sigma70 Weak
ccgccattctggtggggctttttttgtcttacttactcaacaatgcgttaaatttcgactGtttaagatatttcggcacgt
>ECK125137902 yidRp2 reverse 3869412 Sigma70 Weak
atccagcgcgatcacctgcattttgcctgctaactttcgtgccaacgccgatcctgccggGccgaggccaataatcgccac
>ECK125137906 yieHp6 forward 3896762 Sigma70 Weak
tacttatacggcaacgattgcgttgcgcaaatcggctctacgaaaacgttaaactgattaAaaaggaaaggcatgtcccgg
>ECK125137909 yieKp3 reverse 3899399 Sigma70 Weak
ggatgtctggcgaccagcctatgcagcctttgtacagaaattatttaaataaaataaggcAttaagatgaaattaatcatt
>ECK125137918 yifBp6 reverse 3950175 Sigma70 Weak
ttttatgatgcgtttaataatttcaatataaattgttgttttttaaaaataaaatagtgaGtgaaaaaaattcaatttcag
>ECK125137919 yifBp8 reverse 3950027 Sigma70 Weak
cgccagaacaactcaacttcacttgcacaaataaacaggaatcagccactaaaattcacgAattagcgggctacagcagcg
>ECK125137922 yigFp4 reverse 4002875 Sigma70 Weak
atcatcacaatgatagccgaagattttgcctgttcaggcaatggttcgatgatttttttgAtttgttatttttccactttc
>ECK125137923 yigFp5 reverse 4002842 Sigma70 Weak
tcaggcaatggttcgatgatttttttgatttgttatttttccactttcagtatgctaatgCttgcacctactgattcatca
>ECK125137944 yihFp6 forward 4044131 Sigma70 Weak
gaatattcacgggctttttttattatttaataaatataaatacattctgataatgcatccTgccgctggacattatttcag
>ECK125137956 yihQp6 reverse 4069433 Sigma70 Weak
ttacggacagagaaaataacttgtattgattagcagtcaaaatcattgaagaacatttcaCtcgctaaaggcaacattatg
>ECK125137957 yihQp8 reverse 4069363 Sigma70 Weak
gcaacattatgtatcttcaatttattaagttaaaaacagctcagcttctgtaaagtttttAtatatcagttttatgagaat
>ECK125137958 yihVp3 forward 4073661 Sigma70 Weak
ttttgtcatttatgacatgctttgcttgtctgtttttgatcgtatttgtaatttatcgtcAaaaaattgacagccgtcact
>ECK125137959 yihVp4 forward 4073712 Sigma70 Weak
tttatcgtcaaaaaattgacagccgtcactttttaaacaattggtgaaattaaaatgaacGcatcccaaaatgtttaagga
>ECK125137961 yiiEp5           forward 4079180 Sigma70 Weak
cgataactaaaccatttttgagtaataaatgaaacaactgcaacactcttattatttctgGaaaacgcctcgcaaaaacaa
>ECK125137962 yiiEp7           forward 4079096 Sigma70 Weak
acgtttttcggctacaccattcagattatgcaaataaatatctctgaatataatatattcAtagcacccataattcatcct
>ECK125137963 yiiFp7           forward 4079597 Sigma70 Weak
aaacagatgcccttattctggtattaatacaaggctgttttacttgaacttataataactGcaactgttacatcatatctg
>ECK125137964 yiiFp8           forward 4079562 Sigma70 Weak
aggaatgacaaaaatttttcattcttgaatataaaaaacagatgcccttattctggtattAatacaaggctgttttacttg
>ECK125137966 yiiGp7 forward 4086886 Sigma70 Weak
catccgcagcgtttgagcaattaattaaaataagtcctgcgaaatatattaaattgcaggActtattcatttcgtgaattt
>ECK125137969 yiiMp4 forward 4102784 Sigma70 Weak
gctattgagttcctgcctggatacttaccgcgaaaacagcacgcctgacataaaataaatAtggtctaatggggaaatttc
>ECK125137970 yiiMp5 forward 4102753 Sigma70 Weak
acagccggatgaactaacgttcgtccggtttgctattgagttcctgcctggatacttaccGcgaaaacagcacgcctgaca
>ECK125137974 yiiQp4 reverse 4112312 Sigma70 Weak
agaaatcacggcgtccaatacgccctttaaatgagaataaccattgctgtatggtcatgtAagttccttgatggttgtctt
>ECK125137978 yijFp5           reverse 4137864 Sigma70 Weak
caaactcccggcttgtccgggagtttgaacgcaaaattgcctgatgcgctacgcttatcaGgcctacgcaatctctgcaat
>ECK125137984 yijPp9           reverse 4150311 Sigma70 Weak
caatatatttctgtctgcattttattcaaattctgaatataccttcagatatccttaaggAattgtcgttacattcggcga
>ECK120010063 yjaBp            reverse 4214156 Sigma70 Weak
aaaatttgccaatgtcgagcctgcatgttgaaggtgagaaagtttcaaggaaaagactacGttagaatataagaatgacta
>ECK125138001 yjbLp5 forward 4260159 Sigma70 Weak
tgttttgtaggtaaggtgttatgttgccttgtcgtaccattatcaacacgataataattaAtaattcatttttaaataaat
>ECK125138004 yjcDp5 forward 4278466 Sigma70 Weak
ataacgtttcgctggcaggggattgtccgccacgcatcttgacgaaaattaaactctcagGggatgttttcttatgtctac
>ECK125138009 yjcFp6 reverse 4283106 Sigma70 Weak
ctcattaaaaaatgagcgatttttgacagtcgtagaaaatgataatgcagagaatatgccTtttctttcttgttaattata
>ECK125138013 yjcOp2 reverse 4297151 Sigma70 Weak
ctttctacagcctcctttcggaggctgtttttttatccattcgaactctttatactggttActccctacccaatcgtatta
>ECK125138024 yjdKp3 forward 4352390 Sigma70 Weak
gcgggagtatgatgatattcgcagttgatgggagagtacagagtcacgatatttttcattCtctccgcgatgtgatgcagg
>ECK125138025 yjdLp1 reverse 4356462 Sigma70 Weak
aggctgatggccgctataccgttaaggtattgaaagaagaaagcaaaaaataattagctcGtacaagggaagtggcttgcc
>ECK125138026 yjdLp2 reverse 4356413 Sigma70 Weak
ataattagctcgtacaagggaagtggcttgccacttcccttttttgctcataaggagaacAcatgaaaacaccctcacagc
>ECK125138021 yjdMp5 reverse 4326836 Sigma70 Weak
aagattattttctttttgcgtttcctttcaaatgaaaacgatcgtcgtctaaaatcagcaGtacccccgacaaactcaggg
>ECK125138029 yjeJp6 reverse 4374403 Sigma70 Weak
taaactgggaagtttaatctttgcccgttgcataacctttaattattcatatgcattgctGttgttactttttatatagct
>ECK125138040 yjfYp2           reverse 4424828 Sigma70 Weak
gaaatggtcaccatcaacttctttatcattgattaaaattaaatcagaagatcatcacagAggagagcacacaaagtcagc
>ECK125138055 yjgAp8 reverse 4458015 Sigma70 Weak
ggcaacttccgcaccgtccgatttgcctgaggccaactccagcgcagtggaaactgcttcTtccagaatcttgcgctgcgc
>ECK125138069 yjgBp5 reverse 4496266 Sigma70 Weak
gctaagtgctgaaattttcagcattgcatacagcgatgtgtaacctttgtcacactccagGcaccccgccctgccatgctc
>ECK125138061 yjgLp2 forward 4475401 Sigma70 Weak
gtttacggcgagtttgtgaaaagagcgttttttgatatttttttgtgagtaaaatttgtaAtgcttagacgttcttattca
>ECK125138062 yjgMp10 reverse 4479671 Sigma70 Weak
ataaaaattccctgaattaaaaaatccattgatataacttatatatacagacagtaaaatGttctgccacgttacaatact
>ECK125138063 yjgNp3 forward 4479686 Sigma70 Weak
tttttgccagcctattactgataagagtattgtaacgtggcagaacattttactgtctgtAtatataagttatatcaatgg
>ECK125138064 yjgNp6 forward 4479566 Sigma70 Weak
attacaggtgattgcggcgcaatgttattcatagtttaacccaataaaaataaagtaattAtacatttgtttaataccact
>ECK125138065 yjgNp7 forward 4479664 Sigma70 Weak
agcgacttataaagtaataaagtttttgccagcctattactgataagagtattgtaacgtGgcagaacattttactgtctg
>ECK125138068 yjgRp3 reverse 4490085 Sigma70 Weak
tttaggttattttctcttcattacacgtattctctttgccggacgttgcctatactccagGcaggaaactggaggatatct
>ECK125138076 yjhBp4 forward 4504005 Sigma70 Weak
ataacaatcaatagtactggcgtatttgaagacaatataattatttctggatattgttgaGgctccctaatatttacttta
>ECK125138088 yjhGp3 reverse 4524140 Sigma70 Weak
gagacatattgcttaccaccgattcttgaagcatctgaagaagcaaaagataaagtccacGtgctgcttaccgcgcagggc
>ECK125138087 yjhUp9 reverse 4520401 Sigma70 Weak
tcaaatggtatgctggtttatttcatgtaaaagaataaaatatctgtataaaatcatgccActggcaatctgcatcaactc
>ECK125138094 yjiKp6            reverse 4563635 Sigma70 Weak
tgcacattacggggtttctccgcgttaaggattcattaaggtcgctacgtatacttctcgAtatcttattgatttgcctta
>ECK125138099 yjiSp3            forward 4571705 Sigma70 Weak
tgctgttttaacctgtctgtatgttaaataaaagtaatatttgaatctgtattgtgaactGccagaaggtggatgatgaag
>ECK125138100 yjiSp4            forward 4571720 Sigma70 Weak
tctgtatgttaaataaaagtaatatttgaatctgtattgtgaactgccagaaggtggatgAtgaagcctctgaaagatgag
>ECK125138113 yjjAp8 reverse 4600210 Sigma70 Weak
taccgtagccgggtaacaggtaaagagtattaatccccgtttctggcggtatactgcgacAcaattccaccttgagtaatg
>ECK125138119 yjjJp2            forward 4621657 Sigma70 Weak
gagtaattgtgtttcgctgcaaggcgattgccttgtgaagccggagcgggagactgctccGgctttttagtatctattcat
>ECK125138120 yjjJp4            forward 4621716 Sigma70 Weak
cggctttttagtatctattcatttttctctccagcttgaatattttcgctatacttttcaGtgaaatgtgttaataaatct
>ECK125138106 yjjLp5            reverse 4594737 Sigma70 Weak
aacctgccgttaatgtcaaccttgcgtaatgcacaattacgtaaacaattaaaattataaAtacaggagtccggcgtggaa
>ECK125138126 yjjYp6            forward 4640358 Sigma70 Weak
ggtctgcatgtttgctacctaaattgccaactaaatcgaaacaggaagtacaaaagtcccTgacctgcctgatgcatgctg
>ECK125138127 yjtDp6 forward 4640898 Sigma70 Weak
gggctttttctgcgacttacgttaagaatttgtaaattcgcaccgcgtaataagttgacaGtgatcacccggttcgcggtt
>ECK125136448 ykgBp10 reverse 318334 Sigma70 Weak
ctggaaagtcacatcgatgcgaattgataataattcaaccgcaacagcagtattgtataaAtaaggatgttcacaatggaa
>ECK125136445 ykgBp4 reverse 318397 Sigma70 Weak
agcatcaccgacagttctggaggataccattgctgatatagccagaaaatataatgcttcAtcctggaaagtcacatcgat
>ECK125136446 ykgBp7 reverse 318484 Sigma70 Weak
tgcaacactattatctggcgttatggcattttccaccaatgcagatgataaaataattctGaaacatatcagcgtctcgtc
>ECK125136447 ykgBp9 reverse 318525 Sigma70 Weak
tcattgatggtattttatatgtttaaaaaatctgttttatttgcaacactattatctggcGttatggcattttccaccaat
>ECK125136450 ykgCp4 reverse 320170 Sigma70 Weak
ccatatcagactcctgagtggtttttgattacaaacaccaacaatcttagtaaataactaAtctaataccatcaaatagtt
>ECK125136452 ykgDp2 forward 320193 Sigma70 Weak
aaacaaaaatcatgattaactatttgatggtattagattagttatttactaagattgttgGtgtttgtaatcaaaaaccac
>ECK125136453 ykgDp3 forward 320116 Sigma70 Weak
agcaaataacatttcttcacaacgcttgatattttgtcttatcgtctgatattttcttttTcttaatcagaatcacaaaac
>ECK125136454 ykgEp7 forward 321511 Sigma70 Weak
atttgacgtttggatgaaagattatcatttgtcatacaaatgaggggtggtatgttgctaGccaattaaaaaagaacgcca
>ECK125136455 ykgEp8 forward 321484 Sigma70 Weak
gccgaaagaaataaaattagttattgcatttgacgtttggatgaaagattatcatttgtcAtacaaatgaggggtggtatg
>ECK120034388 ykgMp reverse 312805 Sigma70 Weak
ccacaaagagtcacagggattgagtgttgaaatgatccggatgagcatgtatctttatggTtatgttataacataacaggt
>ECK125136657 yliEp6             forward 872969 Sigma70 Weak
aaagccgcagcaagggacaatttttgcagcggcacagcgttcagatagttattttgttaaAtgtattaacatgctgagttt
>ECK125136719 ymcEp3 forward 1051830 Sigma70 Weak
tttgggcgctaagtgtattttttgtaaatcgacgatgatcacctttgataacgtcgcgctGcaaatacgcactgaccatgc
>ECK125136735 ymdAp5 forward 1105225 Sigma70 Weak
cccattgctttgacgaagttgagtttaaatatttccccggacgatcgggtgaaaatagttGttactgtttctgatggacag
>ECK125136736 ymdAp7 forward 1105330 Sigma70 Weak
ccgccctcttcagaaaagtcttaatttgttgaaatatcgagcataagatgaatctggagaGaatggtctgctgcgaatcag
>ECK125136738 ymdBp3 forward 1105714 Sigma70 Weak
atagcctcagtaaaagtgcagtatcttgataaacagaaaaagctggctgtaatgaacatcGaatataactaagtttctgaa
>ECK125136778 ymfDp5 reverse 1197625 Sigma70 Weak
tctttgctgtctttattcttttttgtaattttatcattctcagtgagtggtattatctttGctttgacagttaagcccaga
>ECK125136779 ymfDp6 reverse 1197589 Sigma70 Weak
ttctcagtgagtggtattatctttgctttgacagttaagcccagaactgaaagtcaagtcGgaaaaatcccggacgataaa
>ECK125136780 ymfDp7 reverse 1197661 Sigma70 Weak
ttttgcaaacaaatggatatttttcatgttgaaggttctttgctgtctttattcttttttGtaattttatcattctcagtg
>ECK125136785 ymfJp6 reverse 1202213 Sigma70 Weak
aaaatcaaagcctaatcaatgtttatgaacctgcttcggcaggtttttttatacttgacaAtgtacctttgagatacataa
>ECK125136808 ymgFp10 forward 1218953 Sigma70 Weak
gctaattagctcgttgcctcttgttactattgttcattattttgtttgctataattgtttGaaagttttgacaggattgcc
>ECK125136809 ymgFp11 forward 1218940 Sigma70 Weak
gtaattatagacagctaattagctcgttgcctcttgttactattgttcattattttgtttGctataattgtttgaaagttt
>ECK125136857 ymiAp6 forward 1335105 Sigma70 Weak
taaattcgctggatttttgactaaagtttctttaggatttgtctcatcgtatgattaattAcaccaatcgttcaacgtctt
>ECK125136858 ymiAp7 forward 1335056 Sigma70 Weak
aatatctatttcaggtcaaaagattgaattattcactggagacgattcgtaaattcgctgGatttttgactaaagtttctt
>ECK125136903 ynaKp10 forward 1425219 Sigma70 Weak
atgtgcatagctatgattcttggtcgccttgaaatttatcctgttattatattgttttcaGgttttttttggcgctcctaa
>ECK125136900 ynaKp4 forward 1425313 Sigma70 Weak
tataattgtgagtttaatattatgttgactcactcattgatccaatacctaactttaccaGcaacacctccgtccccagta
>ECK125136901 ynaKp6 forward 1425249 Sigma70 Weak
gaaatttatcctgttattatattgttttcaggttttttttggcgctcctaatatatggctGatttataattgtgagtttaa
>ECK125136902 ynaKp8 forward 1425264 Sigma70 Weak
attatattgttttcaggttttttttggcgctcctaatatatggctgatttataattgtgaGtttaatattatgttgactca
>ECK125136946 yncLp4 reverse 1517246 Sigma70 Weak
agaaaaaatcatcaaacagcaacttgcccttatccatcttcagaatgagtattattgcggAttttcttaacccgtactata
>ECK125136977 yneEp7 reverse 1609140 Sigma70 Weak
gaccgggtttcttatttcaccatattagttacaacatcctatatgcctttatcattaacaGgtgccacatgcagcgcctgc
>ECK125136982 yneKp5 forward 1615731 Sigma70 Weak
cagggatatcaatgagctatttttgatagttcttgcggttaatatgctctatatagtgatGttccgatgacttatgactat
>ECK125137008 ynfKp5 reverse 1667240 Sigma70 Weak
ggccaggaaagcataacttagactttcaaggttaattattttcctggtttatatttgtgaAgcataacggtggagttagtg
>ECK125137009 ynfKp6 reverse 1667335 Sigma70 Weak
aaaagacgcgatgtataacggttctttgttgattcgtctgttgcagggttaacattttttAactgttctaccaaaatttgc
>ECK125137010 ynfLp6 reverse 1669652 Sigma70 Weak
gtagtacggctcacttgaaatccttgctaaatatgcctgtagatcaggcttatacataggGtaggaaaatcgaattgttct
>ECK125137011 ynfMp4 forward 1669630 Sigma70 Weak
agatgacgaagttcaatattcatatttaaaacatcttatttgagattattaatatattagAcagaacaattcgattttcct
>ECK125136994 ynfNp5 reverse 1638197 Sigma70 Weak
gaaaatgaaggctccttcgggagcttttttgcttggtgtctattcgatggatactcacatActacggtaacatcatgaaaa
>ECK125136995 ynfNp6 reverse 1638299 Sigma70 Weak
ctttcggggcaaaatgtatcttttgtaaatcaatgatgattacatttgataatatttcacAatacttaaatgccagccgtc
>ECK125137068 yniAp5 forward 1807775 Sigma70 Weak
tgtggtgtgcgttagctcgtgtttttacaccgcattcttgcgctaaccttatgatctggcAgacaacatgggagagacatc
>ECK125137083 ynjIp5 reverse 1844886 Sigma70 Weak
caagaaaattcgttggatattttttttgcatggataaaattatcgcctctaaagtatgtaAtaacagggaatgtgatgaaa
>ECK125137108 yoaBp4 forward 1893359 Sigma70 Weak
ggtgacggcgacctcacattgtggcagtctttgcagcacgaaaatggaagtataatgaggAcaaaatgatgactatcgttc
>ECK125137100 yoaFp10 reverse 1877722 Sigma70 Weak
accagactttccagtgactgttctttggcaagggattgcgagacgcgggcgataatctgaTctgacacggaacaactccag
>ECK125137135 yobBp5 forward 1925364 Sigma70 Weak
tgtcacgtttaccttacgagcccaaacttaaataaaacttatacagagttacactttcttAcataacgcctgctaaattat
>ECK125137117 yobHp4 forward 1908900 Sigma70 Weak
tattcgtgctttttcggaatgagtcgcttgcttcagcgcatattgccgctacgattaagcGaacataaaaagagaagaggt
>ECK125137175 yodCp6 reverse 2028504 Sigma70 Weak
cagtagtggcgatgatattaccgactgttttaaatctgattcttggatttatcatcggcgGcatcgtggtgctgggagtga
>ECK125137258 yohJp4 forward 2230493 Sigma70 Weak
gcggattaaaggtctgcaaagagggattgctgcaaactgcaatccctctctatgcttgatGtatgcctgagttcgctgcgc
>ECK125137250 yohOp6 forward 2215586 Sigma70 Weak
acctccgcccaacagcagcaactcaccagttggcaagaacaaggccatgatattttcccaCtcggcatttaatgattcgtt
>ECK120048893 yojIpreverse 2308641 Sigma70 Weak
aaaaagaataaaaataagaattattattgctgtgcgcgcgaagatgtttaaactgcgggcTgtaattcattgtccgggttt
>ECK125137390 ypfGp3 reverse 2582893 Sigma70 Weak
aagacggtgttattgcttaactatttgcaaacgtcacatttaatggactgaaaaataacaAtaatatttcgttgtttatta
>ECK125137391 ypfGp4 reverse 2582880 Sigma70 Weak
tgcttaactatttgcaaacgtcacatttaatggactgaaaaataacaataatatttcgttGtttattattggctcaatccg
>ECK125137442 ypjDp5 forward 2747930 Sigma70 Weak
aaggcgtctttgttgttatgcaacggttggagcagcgttcacctgacgctatactgcttcTctttcttattgctcaaactg
>ECK125137489 yqcAp5 reverse 2923050 Sigma70 Weak
cacctggatgcaggcgttatcacaatttggctggcgcggtctgcttcctgaaaatgaaagGgttgagttcagtgcgccatc
>ECK125137483 yqcEp6 forward 2900472 Sigma70 Weak
cagtgtgatattcgtattgtcaaataattttaaaaagcagaagcgtgattactctcacacAacacctctgctttccatgtt
>ECK125137535 yqeCp7 reverse 3015167 Sigma70 Weak
atcattttccattgccccattcttgatgataatccggcagcggtaattatacagtcgatgGctgacatagtggttccatta
>ECK125137514 yqeHp4 forward 2987513 Sigma70 Weak
caaaattacaaaatcatggtgtattgacatcatcaataaccaatgaaattatgcaattatAtacggatagggaggttctta
>ECK125137517 yqeIp5 forward 2988436 Sigma70 Weak
caacattaaagcctcatttcaatcatcatgataaatataaaattaatatatatttatgccGtaaataccaatatacttagc
>ECK125137522 yqeKp11 reverse 2990368 Sigma70 Weak
ttttagtattgatggaaggtgattattgaacagtaacatcgagtcacggtaaaaatgtgaGgtatacaatggacattgaat
>ECK125137521 yqeKp9 reverse 2990383 Sigma70 Weak
cattaggggtattaattttagtattgatggaaggtgattattgaacagtaacatcgagtcAcggtaaaaatgtgaggtata
>ECK125137544 yqfAp9 reverse 3043256 Sigma70 Weak
tttaaattgaactcacgcctgttagttgaaatttcgcatttaatttcatgatttttaggaGattagtctcaaatcagaatt
>ECK125137588 yqhAp8 reverse 3149498 Sigma70 Weak
gtttaacgtatatgttgatttgctgttgcgtgctgtttactcaattgcgatatactgttgCccgttttaactacacgacag
>ECK125137615 yqiJp7 forward 3192054 Sigma70 Weak
tcagtattccccaatcagtgtagtgcctttaaacataacgtgcgtaaatatattgtccccGatcacactttttagtgaaaa
>ECK125137646 yqjGp2 forward 3250974 Sigma70 Weak
gcgcgtatagcatcgaccgcctgctgaataaaaagtggtaagcacgcgctatacttaacgAtaaaaaacgaggaggaagct
>ECK125134706 yqjHp           reverse 3216538 Sigma70 Weak
tagacatatcagttctacaaatcgcttgcatttatcatgattaacaatcattatcatttgCgagttttatttagatatatc
>ECK125137672 yraHp11 forward 3287278 Sigma70 Weak
gcaaagtcaggcatttatactcttttgaatacatagaaaattgatatcaatataatgaaaAtatcaaatatttgcatataa
>ECK125137666 yraHp5 forward 3287405 Sigma70 Weak
tgcctgtataatctttaaagatgttgaacatatattcacattaaatatgattatgtacttGttacaaggataaggttatat
>ECK125137667 yraHp6 forward 3287291 Sigma70 Weak
tttatactcttttgaatacatagaaaattgatatcaatataatgaaaatatcaaatatttGcatataaatataatcttaaa
>ECK125137676 yraQp3 reverse 3298174 Sigma70 Weak
gaattacgcaaaagagctgaataattattcccaagaattgatagtgagcgtaatattcacGcgctcaattatcataactta
>ECK125137679 yraRp6 reverse 3298923 Sigma70 Weak
tcttactcatgcttcctccgcgttgttgcattggatgaggcgaatttcccacaatcggggAtaattacctcatggtctatt
>ECK125137763 yrfFp10 forward 3526425 Sigma70 Weak
atgctcaagttaaactccacgcttgccgatagccaaccgcagaatcatgtattgtgtccgGtgcgactgaccacgcctgac
>ECK125137764 yrfFp11 forward 3526319 Sigma70 Weak
tcaaatcaaattaaaagtcaataggttgaaataactccaggaatttgctgatattccgccTtcagagggtttgctatgatc
>ECK125137785 yrhBp7 forward 3584734 Sigma70 Weak
tctttgacgaagatgaacgcgtctttgctcaatgtatcacacaggaataataatataacaCtcaacaataatatttattat
>ECK120022071 ysgAp            reverse 4016343 Sigma70 Weak
tcagaagaagcaaaaagacactttaccgaagggtttaacattttttcgtgatactcatcaCcatgacgcaaatgcgttgca
>ECK125138043 ytfFp5 reverse 4433148 Sigma70 Weak
acgttagccgaaagcgtaagccatctttttaatgttaataactagttaattaaagtggcaTcctcccgcatcctctctgat
>ECK125138045 ytfHp5 forward 4434082 Sigma70 Weak
catgggaagtctccatcgttttgtcttgtgtttaaatacgctaacacctaaacttactttTagtaagtacgtacaaaaagg
>ECK125138049 ytfIp10 forward 4437671 Sigma70 Weak
agttacattttaataatgagcgttttttgatagtttacttctatagtgagatatttaatgGcgacataaagtaaccaaata
>ECK125138048 ytfIp9           forward 4437702 Sigma70 Weak
agtttacttctatagtgagatatttaatggcgacataaagtaaccaaataaaataaggttGtcatatgttacccaggatca
>ECK125138051 ytfLp3 reverse 4441321 Sigma70 Weak
tttcagctgtctgaattttaaccctctggcggctttacagtaccttacgctatactagccActgaaaatgccggttcactt
>ECK125137546 zapAp3 forward 3055551 Sigma70 Weak
ttgggccctggtggaccagaaaagggcttgtctcttctcatcagggtagctatagtgtcgCcccttcgcagaccatgggtc
>ECK125137378 zipAp9 reverse 2531407 Sigma70 Weak
accataatcaggatgagctccttttgaccaatcccaggaaaattctgcgtattttaccggGtaattgcgcaatggacagtt
>ECK125136617 zitBp1 reverse 784848 Sigma70 Weak
cggagtctctcccttttaatttttcacttctaaaagcagtatgatgtcataaagttaagtGagaataattaagggatgact
>ECK125137741 zntRp2 reverse 3439168 Sigma70 Weak
attgaagctgcgacaagctggattgagtaccgattttttacgcggcgattatgctgacaaGttgttggacaaaatcaacga
>ECK125137999 zurp6            reverse 4260141 Sigma70 Weak
aatagcgagttaacttgaagcaatttatttaaaaatgaattattaattattatcgtgttgAtaatggtacgacaaggcaac
>ECK120010298 adkpforward 497139 Weak
ttcagccccaggtgcctttcttgaggcaatcgcctgttggtggtatcgtttatcgcttttTcaaaaaattcgacacatttt
>ECK120010275 carBp            forward 30775 Weak
agccagccctggtccacacgacgccgcgccgttgttcgaccactttatcgagttaattgaGcagtaccgtaaaaccgctaa
>ECK120009858 dmsAp2 forward 940878 Weak
ctttcgagtgaaaatctacctatctctttgattttcaaattattcgatgtatacaagcctAtatagcgaactgctatagaa
>ECK120010543 endAp1 forward 3090327 Weak
aggaactttcctgatctggctgattgcataccaaaacagctttcgctacgttgctggctcGttttaacacggagtaagtga
>ECK120010544 endAp2 forward 3090275 Weak
gctgtgttcactgcggtgaacagctggttgcgaaataaccatctgaactatcaggaacttTcctgatctggctgattgcat
>ECK120009936 exbDp reverse 3151390 Weak
ttagcaacggcaatcggcctcgtggcagcgattcctgcggtcgttatctataacgtatttGcacgccagattggcggcttt
>ECK120030214 fadEp            reverse 243406 Weak
ggtgctatgaccaggactttttgacctgaagtgcggataaaaacagcaacaatgtgagctTtgttgtaattatattgtaaa
>ECK120011152 feaRp            reverse 1447367 Weak
gtgacaagctccgcaaatcgtgacaataaccgcttatgtctctatgcctgacaagacttaTttcctatagtcaggctcatt
>ECK120009937 fhuEp            reverse 1161647 Weak
gctgaaaagacattctctgtttggtttacatgacaaatatgaatgcgtatatttctcattTgcatttacaaacaaaattat
>ECK125162178 ghoSp forward 4352549 Weak
gagcaaaaaaaagaatatctcctatatgagaatcatcaatcggggttaataagttttgcgTccccagagcgtttaatattg
>ECK120010520 lrhAp            reverse 2406656 Weak
ttacaaatggaattgcttgtttgtgtgtgcacagcattaaccagctcagtatgagccgccAgtaagtgataatatatgata
>ECK120010762 nikAp1 forward 3613628 Weak
gactgcccatctattgatccagaacaggtaatcagtatgacgaatacttaaaatcgtcatActtatttccgccatctattt
>ECK125135060 plsBp2 reverse 4256502 Weak
ccgcgcgaaacatgagcggataccacagaatttcccatgactttctgctatccttgccgcGcatttgcattattaaccaga
>ECK120010325 rimLp            forward 1498743 Weak
tctgaaaaacgaaaatcctcgctttatgtccttgttcgataaacacaataaacttgatcaTgaaattgccagaaaggaagg
>ECK120030207 rseXp            forward 2033649 Weak
tttgatatcggctttattaattcatttaatcaatatattagcactgattacaattataccTttttattattctgtgtcatg
>ECK120010022 seqAp forward 712942 Weak
tattccgagtttttctgcaagccaggcttgacgctatccgctgccgggatttattcatatActcctggcgacttgtattca
>ECK120010453 serBp            forward 4624856 Weak
ccctttgaaaatttgagacttaatgttgccagaagcaatggatacaaggtagcctcatgcGttattttccctgcttcgaac
>ECK120010583 sspAp            reverse 3377569 Weak
tctttttccccatttccggcatcgactcaccacaatggtcgcaaaatctggtaaactatcAtccaattttctgcccaaatg
>ECK120015386 sthAp           reverse 4160802 Weak
atcaattggcttacccgcgataaaatgttaccattctgttgcttttatgtataagaacagGtaagccctaccatgccacat
>ECK120010528 tesAp           reverse 519949 Weak
caaagccgacgtgcttcgcgcgcaactttgcccgcgcttcttcgtccatattatgtagcgGttgtcccaccagactcactt
>ECK120015411 tpiAp1 reverse 4111524 Weak
tctatactgtttcacagacctgctgccctgcggggcggccatcttcctttattcgcttatAagcgtggagaattaaaatgc
>ECK125109142 ttdRp           reverse 3206380 Weak
gtctggaaaaattcaccgccacaaactaccactaaaaatgtggttttatattttttgccaCcgtgaatatgtaattaacag
>ECK120009883 ydeAp forward 1616955 Weak
ctctctgacgcgtgaaagaatcagcgtcagagaaacggaaaacgcgatccagatcacaaaTgcattgtattcacatcatta
>ECK120015434 yebBp2 forward 1946144 Weak
aaaaatggcacagtataatttattctacaggttatattggaagcaaatattttaatattaCatattcagtgaagaaatgcg
>ECK120016581 yecRp           forward 1988200 Weak
gcctgccaggcgtcttttccggccattgtcgcagcactgtaacgcgtaaaatagtgctttCtcttactcttctggctggac
>ECK120016582 yejOp           reverse 2289176 Weak
catccgggccagggtggagcacccatttcgcatcatcaagcgacagttcggcttcgtgaaAgccagatacaaggggttgct
>ECK120009961 ygaCp           reverse 2800590 Weak
gatactagatgtagttgaaaaaagattcaaccacacaatatatagcaaatagtggtcgaaAttaccctggatatgagcgtg
            The benchmark data 𝐒𝐒 − containing 3382 non-promoter sequences

>non-promoter squence 1
ttcaaaggtgaaactcaggttactgaccagctgaccggttacggccagtgggaatatcagatccagggcaacagcgctgaa
>non-promoter squence 2
ctgaaattccaggatgtgggttctttcgactacggtcgtaactacggcgttgtttatgacgtaacttcctggaccgacgta
>non-promoter squence 3
cagacctacaacgcaactcgcgtaggttccctgggttgggcgaacaaagcacagaacttcgaagctgttgctcagtaccag
>non-promoter squence 4
gttggtgctacctactacttcaacaaaaacatgtccacctacgttgactacaaaatcaacctgctggacgacaaccagttc
>non-promoter squence 5
ggttacaaatctctggacgaaggtcagaaagtgtccttcaccatcgaaagcggcgctaaaggcccggcagctggtaacgta
>non-promoter squence 6
ggtaagagcatcaccgatgcctgcatcggctgggaagataccgatgctctgttacgtcaactggcgaatgcagtaaaagcg
>non-promoter squence 7
gtgaataccagcggtaacggcgattgccatatcattctgcgcggcggtaaagagcctaactacagcgcgaagcacgttgct
>non-promoter squence 8
gacggtctgcgtatagcccgtaaattgctgcttgatattaacgacagcggtctgccagcggcaggtgagtttctcgatatg
>non-promoter squence 9
ttggcggcctgcaaggattgtaagacccgttaagggttatgagtcaggaaaaaaggcgacagagtaatctgtcgccttttt
>non-promoter squence 10
gttcatgttgatgaaaggctgcgagagagggcgctggtgccgctcaatcgtatgctggattttgcggctacactacgtgga
>non-promoter squence 11
ggttccaccagtcaactgatcgctgctgcgaaaacattgccacatcagaggcttattgtggcaaccgatcggggtattttc
>non-promoter squence 12
gaacttattgatcatcttgatagtttgggtgaaaaaatcatctgggcacccgacaaacatctggggcgttacgtgcaaaaa
>non-promoter squence 13
tctactttgttagtcgctggggtgagatttatgggagaaaccgccaaaattctcagtccggaaaaaacaattctgatgccg
>non-promoter squence 14
caactgctgagcatgtttggcgataccgatggtaagcgtgatgcgatgttgcgtttcaccaaaccggtaaccggcggctat
>non-promoter squence 15
aaagacggcgtggatgcgggcggcagctatgtgtttgtccagcgttgggaacacaacctgaagcagctcaaccggatgagc
>non-promoter squence 16
ggctacggtaaaggccttgcgccgacgacccagttcgatgtgttgatccacattctttctctgcgtcacgacgtaaacttc
>non-promoter squence 17
aaacgcgatctggaagagattcctgacaacgtaattgccgatctggacattcatcctgtgaagcgcattgaggaagttctg
>non-promoter squence 18
ggtattgctatgtgcaccgcgctggtttcttgcctgaccggtaacccggttcgtgccgatgtggcaatgaccggtgagatc
>non-promoter squence 19
aaaggcaaactgacctataccggttcgctcggcgaagtgatgcaggagtccattcaggcggcgttaacggtggttcgtgcg
>non-promoter squence 20
ctcgataagtcattaaaacatatcgaaattaacggcgataacctgcatgactatctcggtgttcagcgtttcgactatggt
>non-promoter squence 21
ctgctggatcgtatggaagtgattcgcctctccggttataccgaagatgaaaaactgaacatcgccaaacgtcacctgctg
>non-promoter squence 22
ctgctcgatgagatcgacaaaatgtcttctgacatgcgtggcgatccggcctctgcactgcttgaagtgctggatccagag
>non-promoter squence 23
caaagccgtgtcaacaaaatcaagggaccgatcctctgcctggtagggccgccgggggtaggtaaaacctctcttggtcag
>non-promoter squence 24
atgtctccgatgtcggcagaagcgaccgtagtgcgtggttatatcgactggatggtacaggtgccgtggaatgcgcgtagc
>non-promoter squence 25
gaatcggaaatcgatctgctgcaggttgagaaacgcattcgcaaccgcgttaaaaagcagatggagaaatcccagcgtgag
>non-promoter squence 26
tacatcaagctgaacaaaaaaatcccaccagaagtgctgacgtcgctgaatagcatcgacgatccggcgcgtctggcggat
>non-promoter squence 27
ctgaaactgcctgacggcaccgtcaaagtgctggtcgaggggttacagcgcgcgcgtatttctgcgctctctgacaatggc
>non-promoter squence 28
gaagcggcgatggaccatgataaaaaaattatgctggtcgcgcagaaagaagcttcaacggatgagccgggtgtaaacgat
>non-promoter squence 29
actgagattaaagacgtgctggcttcccgtggactgtctctgggcatgcgcctggaaaactggccaccggcaagcatcgct
>non-promoter squence 30
gaagtgaaagaagagaaaccagagttcgatccgatcctgctgcgccctgttgacgatctggaattgactgtccgctctgct
>non-promoter squence 31
gagcgtattgcctacaatgttgaagcagcgcgtgtagaacagcgtaccgacctggacaagctggtcatcgaaatggaaacc
>non-promoter squence 32
gtcgaaatcgtcaagccgcagcacgtgatctgccacctgaccgatgagaacgcgtctattagcatgcgtatcaaagttcag
>non-promoter squence 33
attgatggtgtactacatgagtacagcaccaaagaaggcgttcaggaagatatcctggaaatcctgctcaacctgaaaggg
>non-promoter squence 34
gttgaaggcggcaaactttctgacatcgcgccgaccatgttgtcgctgatgggtatggaaatcccgcaagagatgactggt
>non-promoter squence 35
ctggatcactgcgtggaagaagtcgcgaaagcggttgagtccgtgggtggacaactgctgatcaccgctgaccacggtaac
>non-promoter squence 36
actttcttcttcaacggtggcgtagaagagtcgttcaaaggcgaagatcgcattctgatcaactcaccgaaagtggctacc
>non-promoter squence 37
ggcttcgcgcgtaagaaagtggttaacgtcgatttcgtgatgctgaccgaatacgccgctgacatcaaaactgcggttgct
>non-promoter squence 38
gctggtttgcaggctgcttatgctcgcgacgaaaatgatgaattcgtgaaagcgaccgttatccgtgctgaaggtcagcca
>non-promoter squence 39
agtgctgaatcctcgctgaaaaaattcgaagaaaaatttgccgcgctgggcaaaggccgcgtagcgtccatcattggtcgt
>non-promoter squence 40
ggcgcggtagataaagcgaaaaacgcaggcaaagcggtacacattatgggtctgctctccgcaggcggcgtacacagccac
>non-promoter squence 41
ctggaacggcagctcaataaactgcagcacaaaggcgaagcacgtcgtgccgcaacatcggtgaaagacgccaacttcgtc
>non-promoter squence 42
ctgaacgacaacttcgtgaaactggtatcctggtacgacaacgaaaccggttactccaacaaagttctggacctgatcgct
>non-promoter squence 43
gttgacctgaccgttcgtctggaaaaagctgcaacttacgagcagatcaaagctgccgttaaagctgctgctgaaggcgaa
>non-promoter squence 44
gctactcagaaaaccgttgatggcccgtctcacaaagactggcgcggcggccgcggcgcttcccagaacatcatcccgtcc
>non-promoter squence 45
ggtccgtctaaagacaacactccgatgttcgttaaaggcgctaacttcgacaaatatgctggccaggacatcgtttccaac
>non-promoter squence 46
gctaacctgaaatgggacgaagttggtgttgacgttgtcgctgaagcaactggtctgttcctgactgacgaaactgctcgt
>non-promoter squence 47
cgtgaaggttacttctgcctcgatagccgccattctacggcggaaaaaccggtatttaaccgcaccgttgggctgcgtgat
>non-promoter squence 48
aacccaggtgctgcggatgatttcctgtcggtgattaacccggaatcgctggtgatcaaacagggctttgctgaaccgtcg
>non-promoter squence 49
gaacgcgtcgagaaagatgccgaaggtaatatcaccaccatcttctgtacttatgacgccgataccttaagcaaagatccg
>non-promoter squence 50
ggcgaaatggttaccatgccgaaccatccgaacaaaccggaaatgggcagccgtcaggtgccgtttagcggtgagatttgg
>non-promoter squence 51
ggttacactgcggcttctattcgtgagttctgcaaacgcatcggcgtgaccaagcaggacaacaccattgagatggcgtcg
>non-promoter squence 52
tacgactgggtactggacaacatcacgattcctgttcacccgcgccagtatgagttctcgcgcctgaatctggaatacacc
>non-promoter squence 53
tcaccgtttatcgtgatgcgcgatccggtgctgtaccgtattaaatttgctgaacaccaccagactggcaacaagtggtgc
>non-promoter squence 54
tacgttgatgaactgacgccggaacagatccgcgaataccgcggcaccctgacgcaaccgggtaaaaacagcccgtaccgc
>non-promoter squence 55
cagtgcaacctgcgtttcgacgacactaacccggtaaaagaagatatcgagtatgttgagtcgatcaaaaacgacgtagag
>non-promoter squence 56
gagcgggttcaagacttttgttatcgcattggctcgattctgctggtgctgttaatggggcttgcacttttcaatgatttc
>non-promoter squence 57
ccgatctctatcgccaagggggctgggatgacagcggaactcggggttgtttattacctgccgtttcttgcgcttattagc
>non-promoter squence 58
tttgtcggtattgagccgaaagtcattcctttgccagatgagtataaagttgtacgccagtatgggccgttcaacgccatc
>non-promoter squence 59
caagcaggcgacaggatcgttaaagtcgatggtcagcccttaacgcagtgggtgacctttgtgatgcttgtccgggataac
>non-promoter squence 60
acagtagcgccatttggcagcgaccaacggcgggatgtaaagctcgatttacgtcactgggcgtttgagcctgataaagaa
>non-promoter squence 61
attattggtgtgcctggcgtacgtccggtggttggcgaaatagcagccaattcgatagctgcggaagcacaaattgcacca
>non-promoter squence 62
atcgccctgatcccgttgggcggttatgtcaaaatgctggatgagcgcgcagaaccggtcgttccggaactccgccaccat
>non-promoter squence 63
aatttgaagaagcgattccttcagccgacgatttcgatctgtacggcgtttatccggcaatcgatgcctgcgtggcgttaa
>non-promoter squence 64
agtttgcatctggagttaagcgaagacgtattagctgaaattgaagcggtgcatcaggtttatacttatccggcaccataa
>non-promoter squence 65
cggttcacccgctatagcggtgagcaaacgcaaaaagccgtcgcggcgtatgttgatatcgccagacgtcatggcctggac
>non-promoter squence 66
attgtcaccattcagaacccttacagtctgttaaaccgcagttttgaagtaggtctggcagaagtcagccagtatgaaggg
>non-promoter squence 67
ttcggcaaactcggttatagctggacggattctgcgcctgcggtttcgctgctggatacgctggacgcactggcagagtac
>non-promoter squence 68
ccggatcaggcgctggatcggaagaatatccgcgaagcgctgcatgacagcctcaagcgcctacagactgattacctcgat
>non-promoter squence 69
gctcagggcattaaccttatcgacgttgccgaaatgtacccagtacctccgcgccccgaaacgcaagggttaaccgaaacc
>non-promoter squence 70
cagcgtattcggatgctgcagcagaccatagaacaagcgttacttgaacaaggtcgcatcaccgaaaaaactaaccaaaac
>non-promoter squence 71
acgatcaccgtctgatcgatggtcgcgaatccgtgggcttcctggtaacgatcaaagagttgctggaagatccgacgcgtc
>non-promoter squence 72
ttcaccatcaccaacggtggtgtgttcggttccctgatgtctacgccgatcatcaacccgccgcagagcgcaattctgggt
>non-promoter squence 73
acgccggttctgcgtgatgtcgataccctcggcatggcagacatcgagaagaaaatcaaagagctggcagtcaaaggccgt
>non-promoter squence 74
ctgctggctgaacacaatctcgacgccagcgccattaaaggcaccggtgtgggtggtcgtctgactcgtgaagatgtggaa
>non-promoter squence 75
gcagcggctgctccggcggcgcaaccggctctggctgcacgtagtgaaaaacgtgtcccgatgactcgcctgcgtaagcgt
>non-promoter squence 76
ctggaagatgaaggtacaacggtaacgtctcgtcagatccttggtcgcctgcgtgaaggcaacagcgccggtaaagaaacc
>non-promoter squence 77
gttgaccagctgagcaacgacgtgaacgcaatgcgttccgacgttcaggctgctaaagatgacgcagctcgtgctaaccag
>non-promoter squence 78
ggcctgactcaaggtaccgttgtgactatctccgcagaaggcgaagacgagcagaaagcggttgaacatctggttaaactg
>non-promoter squence 79
gaagcgcgtaccgaagtccgtaaggtcatttggccgactcgccaggaaacattgcacaccacgctgattgtggctgcggtt
>non-promoter squence 80
ttacgtcgtctggaataccgcggatatgactctgccggtctggccgttgttgatgcagaaggtcatatgacccgcctgcgt
>non-promoter squence 81
ctgtccaaagagccacaagggtttgttgctgacgccacaatcaatacacctaacggcgttctggttgccagtggtaaacat
>non-promoter squence 82
gatgcttgggttgtcgcgggtcatgcgccggtgcgctgcacggtacaagcgggtttgatgaacccgaagtataaagttgaa
>non-promoter squence 83
aacacgctggcacagattgacgccgtgctggaaaaacagggcagcaataaatcgagcattctggatgccaccattttcctg
>non-promoter squence 84
atcgcccagcagcaacatgcccagcagcagactgccggtgctgatgcttctgcaaacaacgcgaaagatgacgatgttgtc
>non-promoter squence 85
catctgctgcacagcacccgtaagcaggttgaagaagcaggcgacaaactgccggctgacgacaaaactgctatcgagtct
>non-promoter squence 86
gacggtatcctgcacgtttccgcgaaagataaaaacagcggtaaagagcagaagatcaccatcaaggcttcttctggtctg
>non-promoter squence 87
aagcacagccaggtgttctctaccgctgaagacaaccagtctgcggtaaccatccatgtgctgcagggtgaacgtaaacgt
>non-promoter squence 88
ccgcgtaaagacgttaacccggacgaagctgtagcaatcggtgctgctgttcagggtggtgttctgactggtgacgtaaaa
>non-promoter squence 89
actcgtgcgaaactggaaagcctggttgaagatctggtaaaccgttccattgagccgctgaaagttgcactgcaggacgct
>non-promoter squence 90
gttgaagaattcaagaaagatcagggcattgacctgcgcaacgatccgctggcaatgcagcgcctgaaagaagcggcagaa
>non-promoter squence 91
ctggacaaaggcactggcaaccgtactatcgcggtttatgacctgggtggtggtactttcgatatttctattatcgaaatc
>non-promoter squence 92
aaaaaaatgaagaaaaccgctgaagattacctgggtgaaccggtaactgaagctgttatcaccgtaccggcatactttaac
>non-promoter squence 93
aacccgcaaaacactctgtttgcgattaaacgcctgattggtcgccgcttccaggacgaagaagtacagcgtgatgtttcc
>non-promoter squence 94
gttaccctgatccacccgatcgcgatggacgacggtctgcgtttcgcaatccgtgaaggcggccgtaccgttggcgcgggc
>non-promoter squence 95
ccgcacaccaagttcgaatctgaagtgtacattctgtccaaagatgaaggcggccgtcatactccgttcttcaaaggctac
>non-promoter squence 96
gaagaagttgaaatcgttggtatcaaagagactcagaagtctacctgtactggcgttgaaatgttccgcaaactgctggac
>non-promoter squence 97
ggcgacgcagagtgggaagcgaaaatcctggaactggctggcttcctggattcttacattccggaaccagagcgtgcgatt
>non-promoter squence 98
ctgctgggtcgtcaggtaggcgttccgtacatcatcgtgttcctgaacaaatgcgacatggttgatgacgaagagctgctg
>non-promoter squence 99
gactgcccggggcacgccgactatgttaaaaacatgatcaccggtgctgcgcagatggacggcgcgatcctggtagttgct
>non-promoter squence 100
ggcggtgctgctcgcgcattcgaccagatcgataacgcgccggaagaaaaagctcgtggtatcaccatcaacacttctcac
>non-promoter squence 101
atgaacatcgagccggatgcgctgacaacgggcgataaaaatgaatttgtgattaatcaaggcgaggggacaggtggcaga
>non-promoter squence 102
gtcgggccggacggtcgctacatcaataaatatattgcttataccgcaggcgttgcgcctgcgagtcagccgcgcttcgcg
>non-promoter squence 103
tatcgcccactgtcgattaccaaagttgaccccccggttcccggtgaacgtgtcttcccggaatccattgtccgcactgtg
>non-promoter squence 104
tcacgttttggactgggaaaagcgaccaatttggggttggtcggagaacgcagtggcttatatcctcaaaaacaacggtgg
>non-promoter squence 105
ggcgtggtgcgggaaaactcggtactcaataccattccttatcgaattaacggccacgaaatcaaagacgtggcacgctac
>non-promoter squence 106
agcgccgtgctggtggatgtcaacaccggtgaagtgctggcgatggctaacagcccgtcatacaaccctaacaatctgagc
>non-promoter squence 107
accgggcagccgggtgagcgcattgtgcgtaaagaccgctatggtcgcgtaattgaagatatttcttctactgacagccag
>non-promoter squence 108
cgtcaggtgaaccctgacatggcggactacatcaaaaaactgaaactgccggggattcatctgcgtgaagagtctcgccgt
>non-promoter squence 109
ccgttagcggtgagcgtgccggtaaaagcgatttgggctgacccgaaagaagtgcatgacgctggcggtatcagcgtcggt
>non-promoter squence 110
cgcgtagcgtggttacaagttatctccccggatatgctggtgaaagagggcgacatgcgttctcttcgcgttcagcaagtt
>non-promoter squence 111
tggatcttcaaaggcgagatcctgggtggtatggctgctgttgaacaaccggaaaaaccggctgctcagcctaaaaagcag
>non-promoter squence 112
gcaatgcgtctgggcgctaaaggtattaaagttgaagttagcggccgtctgggcggcgcggaaatcgcacgtaccgaatgg
>non-promoter squence 113
ggtgaagacgtagaaaaactgcgtaaggtcgtagcggacatcgctggcgttcctgcacagatcaacatcgccgaagttcgt
>non-promoter squence 114
cagtacctgactaaggaactggctaaagcgtccgtatctcgtatcgttatcgagcgtccggctaagagcatccgtgtaacc
>non-promoter squence 115
ccggatattcacagccgcgccaacaatcctaccagccggatgatgcgttttgcccaactctctaccgtgaaggctttttcg
>non-promoter squence 116
gacgatccgcgcgatctgcagctgctgcccattgccggacgcctgaaatgtgctcatgtaaatcatgtagaagcgttatgc
>non-promoter squence 117
ctcgatatggaactacagcgtgcgacgcgcgggtttcatagcccacacgcgcccgataaccacaccttttccagcaatgaa
>non-promoter squence 118
gcgtccagaggtttactcgcagaactgatgttcatgctgtatggcattggcgaattgccggaaatcgtcaccctgccgaaa
>non-promoter squence 119
atggacacaacgttgagtgaagcacccacttgttgtcatacagacctgttttaacgcctgctccgtaataagagcaggcgt
>non-promoter squence 120
ctgtttggttcgctggtggacggcggtcaggtcaccgtcgcgctggataaagagaaaaatgagctgacttacggattccag
>non-promoter squence 121
gtggtggataaattcatcgtcgagttgcaggttcagctggatcagaaaggtgtttctctggaagtgagccaggaagcgcgt
>non-promoter squence 122
ctggtgatgaccaccaacgccggggtacgggaaactgagcgcaaatccattggtcttatccaccaggataacagcaccgat
>non-promoter squence 123
gttggttttgatcagggcggtttgctgactgatgcggtcatcaagcatccacatgcggtgctgctgctggacgaaatcgag
>non-promoter squence 124
ttaggtcacgaacataaaccggttggttcgttcctgtttgccggccctaccggggtcgggaaaacagaggtgacggtacag
>non-promoter squence 125
gttaatgtggcggatattgagtccgtggtggcccgtattgcacgcattccagagaagagtgtttctcagagtgatcgtgat
>non-promoter squence 126
ctgaaaccgaagtatgaagcgcaccacgacgtgcgttataccgcaaaagcggtgcgtgcggcggtagagctggcggtgaaa
>non-promoter squence 127
gtcgatgcggctaacctaatcaaaccgttgctctccagcggtaaaattcgtgtaattggttcgacaacctatcaggagttc
>non-promoter squence 128
gctgactgtacgatttactctctcgatatcggttctctgttagcgggcacaaaatatcgcggcgactttgaaaaacgtttt
>non-promoter squence 129
cgcgtgggcggaatcgacccactgattggtcgtgagaaggagctggagcgtgctattcaggttctctgccgtcgccgtaaa
>non-promoter squence 130
gcatatctgttgcgtaaacatgaagtcagccgtctcgatgtggtgaactttatctctcatggcacgcgtaaagacgagccg
>non-promoter squence 131
tttattgaacaaaccacacccgttctgcctgccagtgaagaggagcgcgacacacagccgacgctgagttttcagcgtgta
>non-promoter squence 132
aaggattcggccattgttcctgtttattactacgtgaatgcgcgtctggtgaaaccgtgggttggtggctataccggcaaa
>non-promoter squence 133
ggctggtgtgctgactacaacgaaccaacttccttcctgaacaccatgctttcgaacagctcgatgaataccgcgcattat
>non-promoter squence 134
gcagacaaaccgttgaccatcaacctgttgtataacacctccgatctgcataaaaagctggcgattgctgcctcttcattg
>non-promoter squence 135
ctaggtatggaccgcgatatcattgttaataaagtgaaagcgcagggcaacatgcccgcctatggttacactccaccgtat
>non-promoter squence 136
cgctaccgtagtggtgaaatcgacatgacgaataacagcatgccgatcgaattgttccagaagctgaaaaaagagatcccg
>non-promoter squence 137
ttcggcgaaaaatggacccagcctggtaatatcgtcaccaacggtgcctataccttaaaagattgggtcgtaaacgaacga
>non-promoter squence 138
tatgggcatatcgccggtattgatgaaattcttgaagggaaaaaaccgattaccgatctcggcgtgaaagctattgatgat
>non-promoter squence 139
catttgcgtaaagatgcgaaatggtctgatggcacgccagtcacagcacaagactttgtgtatagctggcaacgttctgtt
>non-promoter squence 140
ctggtacgtaacaatggttcagaagttcagtcattagatccgcacaaaattgaaggtgttccggagtctaatatcagccga
>non-promoter squence 141
ctggtactgcttgatctggaaaaggagcaagaatactgggaaggcgtggctggctggcggttgaaaattgaagaagaaagt
>non-promoter squence 142
ctaccgcgctttaccttgtttaagaagaaacagttcctgccactgatacagctattgcgccttggcgtattactcaacaat
>non-promoter squence 143
gcgctactgcgatgggccgccatgctgcatgaggtcgggttgaatatcaaccacagcggtttgcatcgccactccgcttat
>non-promoter squence 144
gtactgtatgaaatggaaggacgtttccgtcatcaggatgtgcgtagtcgcaccgccagcagcctcgccaaccagtatcac
>non-promoter squence 145
cgtctggaaaaactggtaaaagaagttttacgtcaccgtaatttcgcatcgctgagtttaccgggtctttccgaagagcgg
>non-promoter squence 146
gtcatcaataaagagaattttcagcgcgctcgcatggcggcagcacaaaaactggaaactttaacctggcaattccgtatt
>non-promoter squence 147
gaagcccgtctgatttttatgggcgtggaacatacccaaccggaaaaaggtcgcaaactggttattgatattggcggcgga
>non-promoter squence 148
gcaatgacgcgcggtttaaactgtctgtcgctgtttgccgaacggctacaagggttttctcctgccagcgtctgtatagtt
>non-promoter squence 149
tttgtcaaatttttaggtatttaatttgtaaaacagtttgctttgtactggcatacagaaaatagggtattgattttaaac
>non-promoter squence 150
gagcatatacaaatatattagtctaagttttgtatgctaacagaaagatataatttagctacctattctaaaaatggtgaa
>non-promoter squence 151
ttcatttgggagcaaatacttattgccttgaaaagtagcactgtaatagcctatgataattagttgtagaataacctttat
>non-promoter squence 152
ccttgaaagtctcactttctagttgtcccatgcaggggttgaaatttgattccaagcggaaagtatattatgttttttcag
>non-promoter squence 153
aacaaaggaagttcataagaaaagccatgtcggcttttcctctactagatacagattggaggtagatgaatatttgccaaa
>non-promoter squence 154
tatgtatgtgtgtgtgtttggagttgtttttttcttttaaatcaccaaattttttttaagctactttttatttgtgcctcc
>non-promoter squence 155
atgccttatttttattgatctgctttgtcttacaattaaggtccaagagcttggttaaactgtattatttgcctaagtata
>non-promoter squence 156
tttctatatatcagtgttttatgttggaatttttccttgtttttattttactagttggtaaaccctgtttatgctgaaaca
>non-promoter squence 157
ccacatgcagatcttttaagacttaaaaagtgatcatagaaaagactaagtgactgtaaagatgctctttttttaagcatc
>non-promoter squence 158
gagttacctaaagtgaagcctttcttatctatagacttcagattctgcttggaatcccaccggctcaagaagcacatgtat
>non-promoter squence 159
tcttgtttactatagcttcttaaagttaagccttgtactacaggttgttggagtactcctagatcactgtttcatagtagc
>non-promoter squence 160
tacagtgcataatgtgacatttggaatgcttatcaactgcatgtaaacattaataacctgcacttttttgtcttaaggttt
>non-promoter squence 161
tcattgtactgtgcattttcccattaaattgtttgcttttaatattcaatgttaaatatgaggtgaccgtacagtagttag
>non-promoter squence 162
ggaaggtatcagtgcttcttatattgtaaagcattggcctaggaaggcaaacagttgtctttttgaaggatttttttctgc
>non-promoter squence 163
aaaaagatgccttaaacagtacattttggtttggaattctgtagaaagtattttggtaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggg
>non-promoter squence 164
ctggtgtcctccaaactgaaattgtttgtaacgatagtcttttacaggttttcctttaaagatgtttgtgtgcttttaatt
>non-promoter squence 165
gttggtgtatgtaaaggatttccatgtagctgtggtgctagttattactggctacattatatgctaagtgtatttgtgttc
>non-promoter squence 166
gtagtgagtctatttgtggtcactagcactgtctcctaaacttgtaagaggtctgaagctattctttgatttttgctagtg
>non-promoter squence 167
aaggagatctcccataatatttttctgcatctgtttgctttgactgagtaggcgttttgtcattattgtgtatatgagatg
>non-promoter squence 168
aagtgctctcttttatacaatatgcattgcatctggaccttaaacttataaaaatggtcagtgaaacttctgtgaacatga
>non-promoter squence 169
ccaaatttcaaaccttacatggaggttattatagtatatttgacaccctatatacctgtgattagagatgtgtatatatat
>non-promoter squence 170
agaacttttgtacacgtttaagctattattattaaaaagtgtttgcaaaatggtcaagattataatattgctgaattatat
>non-promoter squence 171
acagtttctcttcttgacttgccacccatcgctggatgttgtccactttatccaccatataaaacagtaagcagctgctaa
>non-promoter squence 172
aagattgatcaaactgaatgaaacccccacacacacacacatgcatacacacacacacacagccacacacacagaaaatat
>non-promoter squence 173
acaaggtgtgggccaagttcggacacaccttctgcaagtactcggaggagatgaagaagattcaagagaagcagagggaga
>non-promoter squence 174
ctctggccaagctcatcgacgactacggagtggaggaggagccggccgagctgcccgagggcacctccttgactgtggaca
>non-promoter squence 175
gggcgctcaaaagcgagttcctggtgcgcgagaaccgcaagtactacatggatctcaaggagaaccagcgcggccgcttcc
>non-promoter squence 176
ccaagggccgcttcctgaagatcgccgaggtgggcgcgggcggcaacaagagccgccttactctctccatgtcagtggccg
>non-promoter squence 177
tggggcaccccggctcgggctcaggctccggcgggggcggtggtggcggcgggggcggcggcggcagtggcggcggcggcg
>non-promoter squence 178
acaattcagcgcattgtacgtcaggcaagtaagttacgcgttgtttttgcgacagatgaagagattgcagctcatgaagcc
>non-promoter squence 179
aagcgcaacagcctcgatgcgttatgtgctcgctacgaaatagataacagtaaacgaacgctgcacggggcattactcgat
>non-promoter squence 180
gaagtagccgatgagttcatggactatattcgcggcgcggagttggtgatccataacgcagcgttcgatatcggctttatg
>non-promoter squence 181
cgtcgcctgacgggcaataacttccatgtttatctcaaacccgatcggctggtggatccggaagcctttggcgtacatggt
>non-promoter squence 182
cgtcggtgcctggcagcaccatcagagcaaaaaagaagctcagcaatccacactctccgtcgaatcaccggtacaacgtta
>non-promoter squence 183
agcattgaacaagcgatcgaacgtgctggcaccaaagctggcaacaaaggtgcagaagctgcactgaccgcgcttgaaatg
>non-promoter squence 184
ccgctggcggcgggtgcactggctaaaaccggtaaatacgacgcggtgattgcgctgggtacggttattcgtggtggcact
>non-promoter squence 185
atggaaaacgttgctctggacttctcttacgagcagagccgtattcgtagcgttgacgtaggcacctggattgccggtgtt
>non-promoter squence 186
aacaaaaaccagtactacggcatcactgctggtccggcttaccgcattaacgactgggcaagcatctacggtgtagtgggt
>non-promoter squence 187
atgaacaaaatgggcggtttcaacctgaaataccgctatgaagaagacaacagcccgctgggtgtgatcggttctttcact
>non-promoter squence 188
cgcaacccgcagaccggtaaagagatcaccatcgctgctgctaaagtaccgagcttccgtgcaggtaaagcactgaaagac
>non-promoter squence 189
attgctgagcaacaggtaattacgattttagttaagggttcacgtagtgccgccatggaagaggtagtacgcgctttacag
>non-promoter squence 190
atggcggaactgggcgctgaaagcgaagcctgccatgtacaggtgggcgaggcggcaaaagctgctggtattgaccgcgtg
>non-promoter squence 191
gatgctatcaaagcggggctggcaaatctgaaagctgttccaggccgtctgttccccatccaactggcagaaaaccagttg
>non-promoter squence 192
gaatttaccctacaaaccccaaccggtagcgtcgatgttctgctgccgttgccggggcgtcacaatattgcgaatgcgctg
>non-promoter squence 193
aacaacgactggctgaactggcagagcgtaattggctcacgcaaagtgtggcgtttctcacccaatgccgccaacagcgat
>non-promoter squence 194
gtcaacaacctggcagcggcgcatctggaaggttttggctcgcttgcgggtgtcgcgaaagcgaaaggtgaaatctttagc
>non-promoter squence 195
gtaccgatgacgctgttgcgcttaacgccggaatacgattacgcagttattgaacttggcgcgaaccatcagggcgaaata
>non-promoter squence 196
cgcgtggttgctctgacggggtcctccggcaaaacctccgttaaagagatgacggcggcgattttaagccagtgcggcaac
>non-promoter squence 197
ggcgcaggcgcactactggttagccgtccgctggacatcgacctgccgcagttaatcgtcaaggatacgcgtctggcgttt
>non-promoter squence 198
tcagcggcgctgcgggagaagaaacagacccatttcctgcatcaaaacaacaccggtattacgcaaaacttatcgtacatt
>non-promoter squence 199
gattacgccggagagattggccttatcatgccgtatgaaaaagacttctgcgccacttgcaaccgcctgcgcgtttcctcc
>non-promoter squence 200
atccagcatcgccctatccagctgcgtttcatcgaactgatggaaacgggcgagggcagcgagctcttccgtaagcatcac
>non-promoter squence 201
aacgtcagtgtcgacagtctggacgcccgccagtttcacgctattaccgggcaggataaattcaaccaggtcatggcaggg
>non-promoter squence 202
agactgggcaccgaaaaagtgcgcctgacaggaggagagccgtctttacgccgcgactttaccgatatcatcgccgctgtg
>non-promoter squence 203
ggtctggtgattcaggtaccagaatacttaagcccgggcgaaaaaattcgtatccatatcgaagaacgccgttatatgggg
>non-promoter squence 204
gaagaagagttgctgtttatgccagagggcggcatgccggacatgcaggtgctgacctgggacggtcaactgctggcgctt
>non-promoter squence 205
atgcgtttttctgatgtccgtaccgggctgaaagtagaagagcgtttcaaaggtgatgatatcgttgacaccgtgacgctg
>non-promoter squence 206
agacgttggcaagatccggctttcccgatgcatttcccatggtttggggatgaaaaatattgggagcagcagattttggca
>non-promoter squence 207
atggggccggccattcaagatctatggatgatgctcaccggggaccgggcgcagcagcaactgcaattggaagttttactc
>non-promoter squence 208
ttagtgccaacttcgctgcgagtggcttttttcactgtggttgaacaagtattggcgaaggttaataccctttgggcccag
>non-promoter squence 209
ctgtttccctctattggcgggcgagcctttgaagtggataatttagagcagctggaatttgttgggcgctttatcggtcgt
>non-promoter squence 210
gtgtatcccgaaactgggttattagcgctcaacagctacgaaaaccgtgtgtatcaattccgtagcgatgaagggcaacgc
>non-promoter squence 211
gtagaatttatcggtttctcgatcccggatgagtttgtggtgggttacggcattgattacgcacagcgttaccgtcatctg
>non-promoter squence 212
aaaatcctcaaagatctggatgaagatatccgtggcaaggacgtgctgattgttgaagatatcatcgactcggggaataca
>non-promoter squence 213
ctgctgcgtggctcatttatgtttatggcggacctgtgccgtgaagttcaggtatctcatgaagtcgactttatgaccgcc
>non-promoter squence 214
gactcttgcgaaaccgcgctgaactcttcaactgacgtgctgttcactgcggcagcttgccaggcagaagacgatcgtctg
>non-promoter squence 215
ccggtcgatctgcccacggcgctgctgttgagcgtggtggcttctctgtgtgcctgtggcgcatccggcgtggcggggggg
>non-promoter squence 216
gccttcttcacccgcagctctgcagcgaacattccggtgaatatggcgctgtgtgaaaagctgaatctggatcgcgatacc
>non-promoter squence 217
tcttctaccctggcaaccaccggtttctccacactgtggggctacgcgcaactgctggtcgtgctggttggctgtatgtta
>non-promoter squence 218
atcgacgcgctgctgaaaggtaactacatcgggattctggtgtgggcgatcggcctcggcttcgcactgcgtcacggtaac
>non-promoter squence 219
atccgccctattttgttcctctatctactgggcaccttctctgctgctctggccgcagtagtcttcagctttgccttccct
>non-promoter squence 220
gaagctgttggtctgttaggtactttgttcgtcggcgcactgaaagccgttgcccccatcctggtgttgatgctggtgatg
>non-promoter squence 221
aaatacgatatggatttggtggtttgtggtcaccaccaggacttctggagcaaactgatgtcttccgcacgtcagctgatc
>non-promoter squence 222
gtaaactactctgacctatacaccgggcttattgatgtgaatctgggtgatatgcagaaacgcatctctgaagagacacat
>non-promoter squence 223
accatccacgcgcacccgactctgcacgagtctgtgggcctggcggcagaagtgttcgaaggtagcattaccgacctgccg
>non-promoter squence 224
tgggctgcttctggtcgtgctatcgcttccgactgcgcagacggtatgaccaagctgattttcgacaaagaatctcaccgt
>non-promoter squence 225
gcacacaaaggtgttcacgaaggtcacgttgccgctgaagttatcgccggtaagaaacactacttcgatccgaaagttatc
>non-promoter squence 226
ccgcagcgttacgacgccgtgctggtagcgattggtcgtgtgccgaacggtaaaaacctcgacgcaggcaaagcaggcgtg
>non-promoter squence 227
cttggcggtgtttgcctgaacgtcggctgtatcccttctaaagcactgctgcacgtagcaaaagttatcgaagaagccaaa
>non-promoter squence 228
attgacgtggttgaaatgttcgaccaggttatcccggcagctgacaaagacatcgttaaagtcttcaccaagcgtatcagc
>non-promoter squence 229
gcgatcattgcagcgggttctcgcccgatccaactgccgtttattccgcatgaagatccgcgtatctgggactccactgac
>non-promoter squence 230
accgatatcgacaagattcgtacctggaaagagaaagtgatcaatcagctgaccggtggtctggctggtatggcgaaaggc
>non-promoter squence 231
actggcggcggcgcattcctcgaattcgtggaaggtaaagtactgcctgcagtagcgatgctcgaagagcgcgctaagaag
>non-promoter squence 232
gcgaaaaccattctgtggaacggtccggttggcgtgttcgaattcccgaacttccgcaaaggtactgaaatcgtggctaac
>non-promoter squence 233
gaagctaaacgtctgctgaccacctgcaacatcccggttccgtctgatgttcgcgtagcaaccgagttctctgaaactgca
>non-promoter squence 234
cctgctcgcccgatggtggctatcgttggtggttctaaagtatctaccaaactgaccgttctggactccctgtctaaaatc
>non-promoter squence 235
gacgacgaaaccctgtccaaaaaatacgctgcactgtgtgacgtgttcgtaatggacgcattcggtactgctcaccgcgcg
>non-promoter squence 236
ggtcgtcctaccgaaggcgagtacaacgaagaattctctctgctgccggttgttaactacctgaaagacaaactgtctaac
>non-promoter squence 237
acccaactggacgttttaatgacctcgttaaacagcaccagcagctacttaacgcagcagttcgaaaacaacagtaattcc
>non-promoter squence 238
ggtaaaaaaaccggcatcacgaccaccatcggcagcaacctgaccagttggctttcgacaacgggcattattaaagccgct
>non-promoter squence 239
attcagacgcagttgaaatcgatgctgagtaataccgtcagttcttccagctataaaacgttggcgcagattggtatcacg
>non-promoter squence 240
acgctaaccatcactcaggacacctccaaagcgcaaacggcgattaaagactgggtgaatgcctacaactcgctaatagat
>non-promoter squence 241
ctacaaagttttatgggctatgacgccagtgccagcagcaacggtatggaggtctcggttgccgcccagaatgcgcagctg
>non-promoter squence 242
attgatatcagcgcggctaactcatcgttaagcgggatccgtgatgccatcaacaacgcaaaagcaggcgtaagcgcaagc
>non-promoter squence 243
gcgttcagtgccaccactgcgggtaacgccatcgccgggaaatacaccatcagcgtcacccatctggcgcaggcgcaaacc
>non-promoter squence 244
accgctaaacttagcgcctacggtacgctgaaaagcgcgctgacgactttccagaccgccaatactgcattgtctaaagcc
>non-promoter squence245
accattattcgcgccgaacgtctgcgcatgagccgccaaaagcagcgtcatgacgctttaatcagcaaattgttggcagac
>non-promoter squence 246
atctttattttaccgccgtccaaaattgaactggaccgccgtctacgcggtcgcggtcaggacagcgaagaggtcattgca
>non-promoter squence 247
gaatttaaagaaatgattagcagagatgcgttcctcgaacacgcagaagtttttggtaattactatggcacttcgcgtgag
>non-promoter squence 248
atgttgcgcgactacccggatacccaggctacgcgtgatgcgctgccgctgatggaaaatgcataccgtcagatgcagatg
>non-promoter squence 249
cgagctgcgtttagtgacttttccaaactggtgcgcggctatccgaacagtcagtacaccaccgatgccaccaaacgtctg
>non-promoter squence 250
aaaaacgccgatttgccgttagcacaggctgccatcgatcgttttattcgccttaacccgacccatccgaatatcgattat
>non-promoter squence 251
caaaagctgcaggacggtaactggagacaggcaataacgcaactggaagcgttagataatcgctatccgtttggtccgtat
>non-promoter squence 252
gggcgcatgaatgaacttatggcgcttcatacgggtcaatcattagaacagattgaacgtgataccgagcgcgatcgcttc
>non-promoter squence 253
gtcagcaccatctgtatgggccaggcggcctcgatgggcgctttcttgctgaccgcaggggcaaaaggtaaacgtttttgc
>non-promoter squence 254
cgcgtcatttttctgactggccaggttgaagaccacatggctaacctgattgtggcgcagatgctgttcctggaagcggaa
>non-promoter squence 255
cgtgttcagccgggcgatatggttctgctctccccagcctgtgccagccttgatcagttcaagaactttgaacaacgaggc
>non-promoter squence 256
catttgttgctgggtggcgatggtaaatcggcggactttagcccactggcgcgttacctgaatggcgataacgtacgtctg
>non-promoter squence 257
gatgctgcagggttaccgcgtgccagcagcctgaaagcgttaaccacattcactggtctgccgcatcgctttgaagttgtg
>non-promoter squence 258
attcgcggtgcggatgaacgctgcgtcagctttggcgtcaacatgggtgactatcacctgaatcatcagcagggcgaaacc
>non-promoter squence 259
agcttccagctggaaaccacctccagcttacaggcggtagcagcgaccattctgaacgtgactgaagatcatatggatcgc
>non-promoter squence 260
cgcgaagcacaagcaccgattgtggcgattaccggttctaacggcaaaagcacggtcaccacgctagtgggtgaaatggcg
>non-promoter squence 261
ccgcctggcctggataaattacccgaagccgtagaacgccacacgggcagtctgaatgatgaatggctgatggcggcagat
>non-promoter squence 262
cgcgccatcgacgccaaagagatcctgatgaagcgcaaaatcactgccgcaccggtggtggatgaaaacggcaaactcacc
>non-promoter squence 263
gctatgctggaactcagccgcaccggtctggggctggtggcggtatgtgacgctcaacaacaggtacaaggcgtctttacc
>non-promoter squence 264
ctgatgatgggtgacgcgctggcgatggcggtcatgcaggcgcgcggatttaatgaagaagattttgcccgctcccaccct
>non-promoter squence 265
ggggcgaaggaactggatctgattattccgcgtctggaagacaaatctatcgcgctgctggcgatgaccggcaaaccgacg
>non-promoter squence 266
tgcgaaggcaaagtggtggtttcgggaattggcaaatcgggccacattggtaagaaaatcgccgcaacgcttgccagtacc
>non-promoter squence 267
tacagtactttagcggaggaactctctactaccgttcatgcgctggctctgcatacttacactattaaggagtgggaaggg
>non-promoter squence 268
gttgagctggtaatggctctggaagaagagtttgatactgagattccggacgaagaagctgagaaaatcaccaccgttcag
>non-promoter squence 269
aaagcggatgaaaaaggggctgatgtgttggtactgacctccggtcaaactgacaataagatccacggcacggcaaatatt
>non-promoter squence 270
caacctgtttgcccgcaaatatctacgcttgatttccatcgcgcgcacgctgccattgcggccggacagctggcagtggaa
>non-promoter squence 271
agcgagaatggtgattctctgccgtggcatgcgcgtctgaaagaaaggttaggcagcataacgacacgtcgggcggtgaca
>non-promoter squence 272
ggactcatggcacctgttgcacataacggctactggctggttgatggagcagtcgttaacccaattcctatttccctcacg
>non-promoter squence 273
ggtgggttactgcgcggcgagcgtgtcttcaatcaataccgcgaaataatgccggaaacagagatcgaaaattgttcccgt
>non-promoter squence 274
tcaattggttcgctggtgggcgctgcctatgcatgcgatcgattatctgcgctggaagattgggtgacctctttcagttat
>non-promoter squence 275
gggctgggaaatctggtctgcgagaaatgtcacttccatctcccgatctacacaccggaagtgctgacgctatgcccgaaa
>non-promoter squence 276
gagttcgccatgagctatgaagagagcctgaaagaagaatctgacagcgtctttatgcgggtgattaaagaaagcttgtgg
>non-promoter squence 277
gcttctccggaacagtggcaggaaaaagccgaaaccctggcgaaactgtttatcgacaacttcgataaatacaccgacacc
>non-promoter squence 278
actggctggaacggcactggcaaacgtatctcgattaaagatacccgcgccattatcgacgccatcctcaacggttcgctg
>non-promoter squence 279
tatcacttcctctctggcttcaccgccaaactggccggtactgagcgtggcatcaccgaaccgacgccaaccttctccgct
>non-promoter squence 280
atcgactttgatgatggttcaaaaaccgagaacacccgcgtttcttatccgatctatcacatcgataacattgttaagccg
>non-promoter squence 281
ccgaaacgtcgcctgattggcgatgacgaacacggctgggacgatgacggcgtgtttaacttcgaaggcggctgctacgca
>non-promoter squence 282
ctgattggcggcacctggtacggcggcgaaatgaagaaagggatgttctcgatgatgaactacctgctgccgctgaaaggt
>non-promoter squence 283
gtggcctggcaggcgcattttgtcaaaaacatgtttattcgcccgagcgatgaagaactggcaggtttcaaaccagacttt
>non-promoter squence 284
actttctggtgggcagacaaaggcaaaggtaagaacgacaacaaacctctctctccggaaacctggcagcatctgaaaggc
>non-promoter squence 285
ctgacaggttatgagcgcggggtgttaactaatctgggtgccgttgccgtcgataccgggatcttcaccggtcgttcacca
>non-promoter squence 286
cagaaagcgtggccgatgacgctgcgtattcagccgggatatgatcacagttactacttcatcgcctcttttatagaggat
>non-promoter squence 287
atcaaagcgtttagcagctatttaggtgaggacaaaaatgcatggctggaatgggacagttgcgcactgatgtatgccagt
>non-promoter squence 288
ctgcgcgatgaattaccggcgctggttcagtcgcaatttaatgtcagcgaccgctgcgccattagcggtcactcaatgggt
>non-promoter squence 289
accaaggcgggtgcccagcgggtagcggcggaactggggattgtactggtgatgccagacaccagcccgcgcggcgaaaag
>non-promoter squence 290
actatgctgctgctgcaactgccgcatatcggccaggttcagtgtggagtatggccagctgctgttcgcgagagcgtccct
>non-promoter squence 291
ccggtactggaagatgcgtttgagctttcctccatggggatccgtgtagatgccgacacgctgaagcatcaactggcgctg
>non-promoter squence 292
gatgccaaagggcgtgagcgggcgatagcgaaagatcttggcgcggtattccttgtcgggattggcggcaagctgagcgat
>non-promoter squence 293
cgcgtaatgggcgacggtgagcgtcaattctcgactctgaaaagcacggtagaggcgatctgggcgggaattaaagcaacc
>non-promoter squence 294
gctctgcctgatgcccagttcgaagtggttcattcactggcgaagtggaaacgtcagaccttagggcaacacgacttcagc
>non-promoter squence 295
gtttcggttgatgaaaaagatatcgaggcgttcaagaaactgaatgcgcgcggtattgagctggaagtccgtaaggtttcc
>non-promoter squence 296
gttgatgttgccaaaatgattcgcgtctacaacaacccgaaatatgctggcgaacgcgtaatgctgttatttaccaaccca
>non-promoter squence 297
tacatggttattggccttgcgcgtatcgacgaccgtctgattcacggtcaggtcgccacccgctggaccaaagaaaccaat
>non-promoter squence 298
acgttaatggcccgtgatgatgacccaagctttgatgaactggtggcactggcagtagaaacaggccgtgaaggcgtgaaa
>non-promoter squence 299
aatgccgaaacgctgattgaaaagtacaacgctcagttggcaaaactcgacaccactaaaggcgtgctgtttctcgttgat
>non-promoter squence 300
ctgttcaaaaacggtgaagtggcggcaaccaaagtgggtgcactgtctaaaggtcagttgaaagagttcctcgacgctaac
>non-promoter squence 301
ccgattctggatgaaatcgctgacgaatatcagggcaaactgaccgttgcaaaactgaacatcgatcaaaaccctggcact
>non-promoter squence 302
gcactgttgaaagataaagagatcagcgaagacgacgatcgccgttctcaggacgatgtacagaaactgactgatgctgca
>non-promoter squence 303
gcgattatggcgtccgatcttggcctgaacccgaactctgcgggtagcgacatccgtgttccgctgccgccgctgacggaa
>non-promoter squence 304
gtcgtggaatattacggcacgccgacgccgctgcgtcagctggcaagcgtaacggtagaagattcccgtacactgaaaatc
>non-promoter squence 305
gattatgcttatacctggcgacgaggcaaaggtaacctggaaattcgtaatgttgtgttatatttttccagaggttcttta
>non-promoter squence 306
caaggtaatttgttgcctcaatccaaaattgcccggttaaaaacaggcatgagtaagaatgacgttgcaatcttaatgggt
>non-promoter squence 307
gccgataagcttgaaaattgtctgatgagcttaacgctgagtatccagagcctgcagaagcacgccatgcttgagaaggcc
>non-promoter squence 308
catctacgagataacttttttaaactgaatcgcgaactgcacgataaatcgctgcggttgaatcttcatctggatcaggaa
>non-promoter squence 309
ccactgggggatgacgtgatatttattccgggtcacggaccattatccacacttggttatgaacgcctgcataatcccttc
>non-promoter squence 310
aatgtgactttacaggtgttacattgccctgggcatacgccgggtcatgtcgtgttttttgatgatcgggcaaagctgctg
>non-promoter squence 311
cacgttggcgcagcggcggaactggcgcaacattacggcgtgccggttttcggcccggaaaaagaagatgagttctggctg
>non-promoter squence 312
gccgcgagctcgatcttctttaacccgcgcgacaccgcggcggtgatgctgggcgcgatcgtggtcgccggcgtcgcgaca
>non-promoter squence 313
gcggtcatgtttgtgccaatgctcgacctgctgctagcgatcgtccgtcgcacccgcgccggccgcagcgcgtttagcccg
>non-promoter squence 314
tgcctgggctttctgccacacaacttccaccgggccaagatcttcatgggcgattccgggtcgatgctgatcggcctgatg
>non-promoter squence 315
ctgaccgtttcgatcgtcaacgcgatgaactttgtcgacggtctcgacgggctggccgccggcctgggcctgataacggcg
>non-promoter squence 316
ggcatcggcctgatcgatgatcgttggggtctggatgcactgacgaagttcgccggccagatcacggcggcgagcgttctg
>non-promoter squence 317
gtcgcctacccgcgggagcgagatgtgcacgtcacgcctacccctcggatgggtgggttggcgatgttcctgggcattgtc
>non-promoter squence 318
gatatcgactacgaaacggtcgggcaaaacggcagtatgctgatggttagcgtcagcggtacggcggtgaaaacgcgtcga
>non-promoter squence 319
gatatcgttggcggacgttccggtgcgtatgaaaaagaactgcgtaaagcacgggagatcgcctttgaggaattaggctcc
>non-promoter squence 320
attagctacgttgatttgcgttatgactctggagcggcagtaggctgggcgcccttgccgccagaggaatctactcagcaa
>non-promoter squence 321
ctggcaaaggacagatttactctgaaggaagcggcgatgaccgcgcggcgttcctggcagttgacgctgaataacgatatt
>non-promoter squence 322
attcatctggttgaatatgtgccgattgcgcggtggaatgatcaacatatggtagacgcggaaggaaataccttcagcgtg
>non-promoter squence 323
gtgttgaccggtgaacgccattacacacgtaatgacgatatccggcagtcgatcctggcattgggtgagccgggtaccttt
>non-promoter squence 324
aatggaacgcgtctggcggggatccttttcctgctgaccgttttaacgacagtgttggtgagcggctgggtcgtgttgggc
>non-promoter squence 325
gttcaccgtatggccgaagccaacaaggcgttcgcacactaccgttggttatcccttcggagttttagtcaccaggcgggc
>non-promoter squence 326
atgcgttggatcgttgaagctgctcgtaaacgcggtgataaatccatggctctgcgcctggcgaacgaactttctgatgct
>non-promoter squence 327
tctatcgtatacagcgcgctggagaccctggctcagcgctctggtaaatctgaactggaagcattcgaagtagctctcgaa
>non-promoter squence 328
gtgaacgaagcgattcgcagccatgcgattgagcaggtaggtaagaaactgcgcggctatatgacagatatgaaacgtatt
>non-promoter squence 329
atcgcccgtaagcgtctgtacgaaatgaacgtggttatctctgataccgctgagtacggtaactatctgttctcttacgct
>non-promoter squence 330
accgcgccgcagtatgaaggcaaaatcggcgagcaggagtacttcgataaaggcgtactgatgattgcgatggtgaaagcg
>non-promoter squence 331
gcgaaactgcgtgcttatgcgctttctgaacagctgaaagagatcatggcacccctgttccagaaacatatggacgacatc
>non-promoter squence 332
gagcaaaccatcctgtgcggtatgttgcaggctggctctctgctgtgcttcgacaagctggtggaagaaggtaccgatcca
>non-promoter squence 333
gtgcgtgaagagtacaaacgtgggttcggcgtaccgacgctgattgccgttcacccggaaaacgatccgaaaggcgaaggc
>non-promoter squence 334
ctggtgattaacctgacgccggacaagcagcactctgatgtagtgcgcaccgtacagccactgatgaaagacggcgcggcg
>non-promoter squence 335
gtcatcgtcggctgtggcgcacagggtctgaaccagggcctgaacatgcgtgattctggtctcgatatctcctacgctctg
>non-promoter squence 336
tatggtgcattctggccggaaccgggctggggtgcgccttactacaccaatgcggtgagtcaggtaacacctgagctggtc
>non-promoter squence 337
ttccttgatccagtgaactatcgtaatcactttgttaccatcctcggcaccattcagggtgaacaacctggctttatcaat
>non-promoter squence 338
gttcataaccagccggggttatatgttggtcaacaagcgcgctttggtgggaaggttatcaacgttatcaatggcaaaacg
>non-promoter squence 339
actaccggtatcggtgtggcgacgtcgatgtttaccgcgattgtcggtacgcgtgccatcgtaaacctgctatatggcggc
>non-promoter squence 340
gcaattgatgaaggttatcgtggcgcattcagttctatcttcgatgcgaacatcaccacgctgattaaagtcatcatcctg
>non-promoter squence 341
agtgctctgattgccaacttgatcttaatcgtcggcattatgtcgctgttgccaggcgcaacgctgagtatgccaggtatc
>non-promoter squence 342
tcactgctgctgcgtgccggtgcgttgatcgcgccgattcagattgttgaagaacgtaccattggcccaaccctgggtatg
>non-promoter squence 343
atcggcaaaccgatggcaaccctgtttgtggagtacaaagacagcggtaagaaagatgcaaatggtcgtgcggttctggtg
>non-promoter squence 344
gactctgaagtgaaacagacccgcgaaggtcagccagttgtgctgtacaaacgcgtaattctgaccggtgaccatatcacc
>non-promoter squence 345
cttggcgtggcggagccggtggttcagcgtcagggtgctgaccgtatcgttgttgaactgccaggtattcaggacactgcg
>non-promoter squence 346
cgcgatgctaaagctcgtgatgaagccattgcgtatctgagcaagcgccatccggacctggtgattagcagccagggcagc
>non-promoter squence 347
atgaagctcggccttgacctgcgtggcggcgttcacttcctgatggaagtggatatggacaccgcgcttggcaaactccag
>non-promoter squence 348
aaaataactgctaagtctgtggcactggaagagggcgctattcttgcgcgcttcgactccactgacacccagttgcgcgct
>non-promoter squence 349
ccggtagagacgcaaacgcaatccacggtgccggataaaaacgatcgcgccactggcgatggtccatcccaggtgaattac
>non-promoter squence 350
gtgccggatatgtcagcctaccgtaagttgctgggggaaaccctgctgcgtctgcctggcgtcaatgacacacggacatac
>non-promoter squence 351
tatacggcgctgcttaacccccattatctggatgcatcacttctggtattcgttgagattactctgaatcgtggcgcaccg
>non-promoter squence 352
cgccgcggcctgacccgttttaaaggggttgctctggtcgatggtaaagtagtttgcgaagcaacgatgatgtgtgctcgt
>non-promoter squence 353
agcgtaggaaaactggaaccgggtgagctgtactacttcgctggtattgacgaagcgcgcttcaagcgcccggtcgtgcct
>non-promoter squence 354
gtaaaaaatgtctctgtcaatgagccattcttccagggccatttccctggaaaaccgattttcccgggtgtgctgattctg
>non-promoter squence 355
ggcctggtaccactgctgctgacctttgcttgtatgtggctactgcgcaaaaaagttaacccgctgtggatcatcgttggc
>non-promoter squence 356
ggtggtggcttcctgcaaaaactgacggaaggggcgtctatcctcggcctgtttgtcatgggggcattggttaacaagtgg
>non-promoter squence 357
ccgatcttctggggaaccgtacgtccggtatttgcagcactgggtgccggtatcgcgatgagcggcagcctgttaggtccg
>non-promoter squence 358
cgtaaacaagctattcgccgtcacctggagttctttaacacccagccgttcgtggctgcgccgattctcggcgtaaccctg
>non-promoter squence 359
cgtcagagcgaagagcagatttcgatggtcattcttgaagctaatgcccatcaactgctgttaccgactgatgatgaaggg
>non-promoter squence 360
gcggaagtccgaccttcagccgtattgccgctggcggcggatttatctgccatcaatgccagttcgctgaccgtgaaagca
>non-promoter squence 361
attgccaaacaaacccgtgtcgcggcggcgcgtgccgatgagtatgtgcgcgaaaatccgtggacgggcgtgggcattggc
>non-promoter squence 362
gtcgcagtaccgcatattggatctgccacccatgagacgcgttatggcatggccgcctgtgccgtggataatttgattgat
>non-promoter squence 363
gaacaattcgccaaaatgaaatcctccgccattttcattaatgccggacgtggcccggtggttgacgaaaatgcactgatc
>non-promoter squence 364
gcacaacgtgcgcactttggcttcaacatgcccatcctctataacgcgcgccgccaccataaagaagcagaagaacgcttc
>non-promoter squence 365
gaaaccgtcgccgatacgctgatggcgctggtgttgtctaccgctcgtcgggttgtggaggtagcagaacgggtaaaagca
>non-promoter squence 366
gcaatttttgccgaagctgaaggtttactgggttcaaacgagaatgtaaatgccgcattgctggaaaaaatgccgaaactg
>non-promoter squence 367
tgcccacgctgctggcactacacccaggatgtcggcaaggtggcggaacacgcagaaatctgcggccgctgtgtcagcaac
>non-promoter squence 368
accttgtatgcagaaccggaactgtcggcgaaactgaccgcgctgggcgatgaattacgatttgtcctgttgacctccggc
>non-promoter squence 369
gaacgtgaaaaatacgtcttcaccggtgagtggtacgaaggcctgtttggcctggcagacagtgaagcgatgaacgatgcg
>non-promoter squence 370
gttgagatgggttccttctacctcgacatcatcaaagaccgtcagtacaccgccaaagcggacagtgtggcgcgtcgtagc
>non-promoter squence 371
ttcctgctggcaaacctgaacggttttgatccagcaaaagatatggtgaaaccggaagagatggtggtactggatcgctgg
>non-promoter squence 372
cgcaagatgtctaaatccatcggcaataccgtttcgccgcaggatgtgatgaacaaactgggcgcggatattctgcgtctg
>non-promoter squence 373
cactcttctgttgttgacgtgcgtccggaatttgccggtcacgcagcggacatgtatctggaaggttctgaccaacaccgc
>non-promoter squence 374
gacacggaagagctgcatccgcgtacccttgaactgatggaagaagtggcaaaacgcgttgaagtcgatggcatccaggcg
>non-promoter squence 375
tggttcgtcagcatggatcagaaaggtctgcgtgcgcagtcactgaaagagatcaaaggcgtgcagtggatcccggactgg
>non-promoter squence 376
ggcacttatctgccgggcacttatccgacgctggatggcgtgaacgtcttcaaagcgaacgacatcgtcgttgcgctgctg
>non-promoter squence 377
cttgagctgctgcgctttacccatccgtttatgggcttcgacgttccggcaatcctcggcgatcacgttaccctggatgcc
>non-promoter squence 378
accaccacgccgtggactctgcctgccaaccgcgcaatctctattgcaccagatttcgactatgcgctggtgcagatcgac
>non-promoter squence 379
ggcgcgaagccagttcactggtgcgttgactgccgttctgcgctggcggaagcggaagttgagtattacgacaaaacttct
>non-promoter squence 380
gagttccgcgccaagtgccgcgaatacgcggcgacccaggttgacggtcaacgcaaagactttatccgtctgggcgtgctg
>non-promoter squence 381
aatggcagcattcatattggtcactcggttaacaagattctgaaagacattatcgtgaagtccaaagggctttccggttat
>non-promoter squence 382
atcaaacagtgggctcagcaggcaaaaggggaagatccacagggttacagggcggaatttattcgcctgattgaactggcg
>non-promoter squence 383
ttcccgctggggccaacaataaacgcgccctctgaagatatgcgttttcgcgcagcagtagctgcatatgggcaaaagtta
>non-promoter squence 384
ggcgcaggcaaacatataacgttgttattcgaattaacgctgaacgggcaaaaagcatcaattgataagttacgctatgcc
>non-promoter squence 385
gaagcgcagaaagtattgaatagtgaaatgcggcagatgttgattaccgtagcaaaagatgtcaaagcgcaaattgagttt
>non-promoter squence 386
ggtgactttaacgttggcattgacgatccaaaatcgattgaatcaatggtcaaaaaacagcgggagtctggtgttactctg
>non-promoter squence 387
gactcccgtattgcattgccttctatctccgggagtcataaggcggaaattaatgccgcaattgattcgctggatgccgaa
>non-promoter squence 388
gatatcctggcgaaagatcgcaaaagtgaagagttaccagcttctaatctggtctttcttatcgacacttctggttcaatg
>non-promoter squence 389
aatcaagggctgttacctccgccagacgctgtgcgggtggaggagatagtcaattatttcccgtctgattgggatatcaaa
>non-promoter squence 390
caggaagcgccaacatttgcaagagcggctaaagcaaaagctacacatatcgcaaatccaggaaccgctcgctaccagcag
>non-promoter squence 391
gtgcttgccgcgcagcaagctgcaataaaagaggctgagcaaagcgccgccgccgcgaaagccttggcccagcaagaagtg
>non-promoter squence 392
cagcatgggatggctccgctgacccaggagcagaagccggttgctaaagtcgtgaatgacaatgcgccgcaaactgcgaaa
>non-promoter squence 393
accatccgtgcatttgcttccgacaacgcgactgtggttatcggtacttctcttgacccggatatgaatgacgagctgcgc
>non-promoter squence 394
ggctacgcaatgatgggttctggcgtggcgagcggtgaagaccgtgcggaagaagctgctgaaatggctatctcttctccg
>non-promoter squence 395
atcactatcccgaacgacaaactgctgaaagttctgggccgcggtatctccctgctggatgcgtttggcgcagcgaacgat
>non-promoter squence 396
gctgcgggtatgggtggtggtaccggtacaggtgcagcaccagtcgtcgctgaagtggcaaaagatttgggtatcctgacc
>non-promoter squence 397
gcggtaaataccgatgcacaagcgctgcgtaaaacagcggttggacagacgattcaaatcggtagcggtatcaccaaagga
>non-promoter squence 398
gaaattctcgtcgagcattacgataatatcgagcagaaaatcgatgatattgaccacgagattgccgatttgcaggcgaaa
>non-promoter squence 399
ggtctgacgccaacgctggcggcctggctggtcgaaagctcgcagaatctgatgatgcctgcctattacctgatggtagtg
>non-promoter squence 400
ccggcgtttattctgattaacagtaacgtcatcggcctgatttttgccgggttactgatgctggcggtgatccttaactgc
>non-promoter squence 401
tatatgccgagttatttgtcgcataacctgcattactccgaagaccacggggtgctgattattatcgccattatgatcggt
>non-promoter squence 402
ctggaagagactccggcgttccagcagcatgtcgataaactggaacagggcgaccgtgaaggtttgcaggatggcccgaaa
>non-promoter squence 403
ggcgtggtggtgttaatttcgaccattgtcggcgaagcgaacttcctcgattggggctggcgtattccgttctttatcgct
>non-promoter squence 404
acgattggtatttgggcaccgattctgctgttgatctgtaagatggcacaaggtttctcggtcggcggtgaatataccggg
>non-promoter squence 405
cttggcggactcttctttggtatgttgggcgataaatatggtcgccagaagatcctcgctatcactattgtgattatgtcg
>non-promoter squence 406
tttggtgtttatggttttgttgcttacgcattaggtaaagtttttttcccgggggctgaccccagcgtgcagatggttgct
>non-promoter squence 407
gacctggcggccttcacgctggctcgtgaccataaattaccgattcgtgttttcaatatgaacaaaccgggtgcgctgcgc
>non-promoter squence 408
ccgttctttaccaccgactcagcagcttgcctgcgtggtatcgaaattgaagccgatgtggtgctgaaagcaaccaaagtt
>non-promoter squence 409
atgctggcgaccgtaatgaacggcctggcaatgcgtgatgcactgcaccgcgcctatgtgaacgctcgtctgatgtccgct
>non-promoter squence 410
atcaaagaactggttgaactgggtattcaggttggtgtggtgattggtgggggtaacctgttccgtggcgctggtctggcg
>non-promoter squence 411
gggccgttggtgttctcctacgcccagccgttcaaaaagtacgatggagacaaggcagaacagttccagtttaacatcggt
>non-promoter squence 412
ccgacgccgtttattagcgataagtatgctaactcggttcgtacttccttcttctgggatatgggtaccgtttgggataca
>non-promoter squence 413
cgtggcttccagtccaataccattggtccgaaagcagtttacttcccgcatcaggccagtaattatgatccggactatgat
>non-promoter squence 414
attcctggatcggataacgaatactacaaagtgacgttagacacggcgacttatgtgccgatcgatgacgatcacaaatgg
>non-promoter squence 415
cctcaggttgcgatgtggcgttatctgtactctatgggtgaacatccgagcacctctgatcaggataacagcttcaaaacg
>non-promoter squence 416
ctgtccgactataccaacaagagttatggtacagacgtgacgttgggcttcccgattaacgaatataactcgctgcgtgca
>non-promoter squence 417
cgcaacaccggtagcttcaactttggtattggttacggtactgaaagtggcgtgagcttccaggctggtgtgcagcaggat
>non-promoter squence 418
aaagatgccgtcctgcgtcgcgaaatgcgtcagatggaaggtgcatggctggggagcgatctggtcgatcagggtaaggag
>non-promoter squence 419
gtgaccaagatggaagatgacatcaaaaagcttctcggtcgctatggttatgcctatccgcgcgtacagtcgatgcccgaa
>non-promoter squence 420
gactctacccaggtcagtctgacgccagataaaaaaggtatttacgtcacggtgaacatcaccgaaggcgatcagtacaag
>non-promoter squence 421
aacattgttggtaaccatgctttcaccaccgacgaactgatctctcatttccaactgcgtgacgaagtgccgtggtggaac
>non-promoter squence 422
gtgggcgaatccctcgatcgcaccaccattgccgatatcgagaaaggtctggaagacttctactacagcgtcggtaaatat
>non-promoter squence 423
aataccattcgcgctctgtttgctaccggcaactttgaggatgttcgcgtccttcgtgatggtgatacccttctggttcag
>non-promoter squence 424
ggcaaagcggtttccgacgttgccgaacgcgatccgggctatctgcgctggttatttaataacctggacagcatgagcccg
>non-promoter squence 425
cgcaagctcaatgtacagacgccgccgggcctgcatcatcaccgcgcgttgtatgactgttatatcaccgccgcgttgctt
>non-promoter squence 426
aaaccgtggattgaagatgtgatcccacactattacggtagtgaatggtatgtcgcgcataacgccagctttgaccgccgc
>non-promoter squence 427
cacgcttattacatcgactatcgcaatgcacgtcctggctatctggagcacttctgggcgctggtgaactgggaattcgta
>non-promoter squence 428
tttggcagctttgccgatttcaaagcgcagtttactgatgcagcgatcaaaaactttggttctggctggacctggctggtg
>non-promoter squence 429
aacctgattaaaggtaccgcgtttgaaggtaaatcactggaagagattattcgcagctctgaaggtggcgtattcaacaac
>non-promoter squence 430
cgcatcaacctgacgctctaccgcctggatgaagtgatggaaggtaagctggatatgctgattgaaccgattatccaggaa
>non-promoter squence 431
cgttcacaacataaaaacaaagctaaagcactttctgttctcggtgctcgcatccacgctgctgaaatggcaaaacgccaa
>non-promoter squence 432
tgtaccgttgcggtaatgccagaactgcctgacgcagaactgccggacatcaacccagcagatttacgcattgatactttc
>non-promoter squence 433
gcccgccgctggcgggtagaaatcatgagcgccagcgagggtgaacatggtggttataaagagatcatcgccaaaattagc
>non-promoter squence 434
gaactgcgcgaagctaaagaaaaaagcgagcaactggaacagcaattacaggttctgttactgccaaaagatcctgatgac
>non-promoter squence 435
gaatatgcgcagttaagtgatgtttcgcgctgttttaccgactggcaacaggttcaggaagatatcgaaaccgcacagatg
>non-promoter squence 436
tgctctgcgggcggtggaattgtcgccgatagccaggaagaagcggaatatcaggaaacttttgataaagttaatcgtatc
>non-promoter squence 437
gcttttcctggtggctcaataaccggggctccgaaagtacgggctatggaaattatcgacgaactggaaccgcagcgacgc
>non-promoter squence 438
gccgaaaatctgatgattgtcgatttaatgcgtaatgatatcggtcgtgttgccgtagcaggttcggtaaaagtaccagag
>non-promoter squence 439
tttagcgcttttttacgtcttgaacagggtgcaattttaagcctttcgccagagcggtttattctttgtgataatagtgaa
>non-promoter squence 440
acttccgactggcaatccaatatgacccgcgagcagtacggcgaaaaatttcgccaggtacaggaatatctgcacagcggt
>non-promoter squence 441
ctgccagaaattgcggaacaagatatcgttctgccggatatggcagtgggtatctacgattgggcgctcattgtcgaccac
>non-promoter squence 442
caggtgctccagcaggtgctggatcgcgcagacattcgcccaacgcataacgaagatttgccatttcagggcggcgcactg
>non-promoter squence 443
catccgtatagccgctttgatattgtggtcgccgagccgatttgcactttaaccactttcggtaaagaaaccgttgttagt
>non-promoter squence 444
atgacatttgctaacggcgcggtaagatcggctttgtggttgagtggtaaggaaagcggtctttttgatatgcgagatgta
>non-promoter squence 445
gcccttgataaagatctgaaagattgcgcggtctacagtcgtgaaggccacaccggtgaacgtgtgcctggcaccattggt
>non-promoter squence 446
attgcgattgtctttgctgccaattttagcgttggcgttaacgtcatgcttaagctgctggagaaagcagccaaagtgatg
>non-promoter squence 447
accgtgcaaagcagcctcgatgcggtaaaagatgattttgatgtgtttatcgattttacccgtccggaaggtacgctgaac
>non-promoter squence 448
ctcattgaccgattcaccggcagcgcggcagagagcgccgatcgattgttgctacgctggtggcagcggggtcaaaagcca
>non-promoter squence 449
tttgtgaagcgtatgcgtccttctctggatattgaacaggtggcaacgggtgaacactggtacggacaacaggcggtagag
>non-promoter squence 450
attggcgtggtggcgcaaatgcccaactttaaccgcttcctgaaaagcaaagatattgatatcgaactgcacactgccggg
>non-promoter squence 451
ctggaaagccctggtggcatggtgcatggttacgggctggcggcttcgcaactgcagcgtctgcgcgataaaaacattcct
>non-promoter squence 452
caagaagcgaaagcagcaaaagcgaaagccaaactgggcgaggtggcaactgacagtaaaccccgcgtctgggtgctggat
>non-promoter squence 453
gagttacgggtcaacaatctcagcgaacagtataaggagatgaaagaagaactggccgcggcgctgatggactcacatcag
>non-promoter squence 454
ctgattcagatgctggatctgctgcacccgatctacaaagaaaccgcagcatacggtcactttggtcgtgaacatttcccg
>non-promoter squence 455
tatgtcgcgaaaaacatcgttgctgctggcctggccgatcgttgtgaaattcaggtttcctacgcaatcggcgtggctgaa
>non-promoter squence 456
accaaattcttcatcaacccgaccggtcgtttcgttatcggtggcccaatgggtgactgcggtctgactggtcgtaaaatt
>non-promoter squence 457
ctgcgcccggacgcgaaaagccaggtgacttttcagtatgacgacggcaaaatcgttggtatcgatgctgtcgtgctttcc
>non-promoter squence 458
cctgacatcaaccagggcgttgaccgtgccgatccgctggaacagggcgcgggtgaccagggtctgatgtttggctacgca
>non-promoter squence 459
gcttgcgaaacctacgtaaaaaccggcatggttttagttggcggcgaaatcaccaccagcgcctgggtagacatcgaagag
>non-promoter squence 460
gtttccatcggtactgcatcttccatctatgtggcatctgcgttggctctgaaactgggtatgaagcgcgaacacatgttg
>non-promoter squence 461
attcgtgaaaacttccgcaagatccgtcgcggtacgccttacgaaatctttaacgtgtccttgacccagacgctgcaccgt
>non-promoter squence 462
gtaggtttccgctttgagtggcgactggcggcaggggtggttattgcgctggcgcacgacgttatcattacgctgggtatt
>non-promoter squence 463
gctgaaggcgaaaccggcggtcaggtgttgggcagccaggttctgaaggtgattaacgaatccaccaatcagaatgcagca
>non-promoter squence 464
atgggcgtgcgcggctttaactgggggctggatttcaccggtggtacggttattgaaattacgctcgaaaaaccggctgaa
>non-promoter squence 465
gatgacgactctgcagccgcagctgcactggcggcgcaaaccggagagcgcaaagtaggacgtaacgatccttgcccgtgc
>non-promoter squence 466
caggaatacaaacgtgaatcgttctccatgtttgcagcgatgctggagtcgttgaaatatgaagttatcagtacgctgagc
>non-promoter squence 467
gcgcagtccatcgaagtgtatcagcgtaaagaagaagtggttggtgctgagatgatgcgtcacttcgagaaaggcgtcatg
>non-promoter squence 468
gaagatgtgttcaaagcgaccattgatgcctacattccaccacagtcgctggaagaaatgtgggatattccggggctgcag
>non-promoter squence 469
ccgtgggtgactaaagcgattgccaacgcccagcgtaaagttgaaagccgtaacttcgacattcgtaagcaactgctggaa
>non-promoter squence 470
cgtcacgaatcccgtcgtatcgataaccagttgcgcggtcgttctggtcgtcagggggatgctggttcttcccgtttctac
>non-promoter squence 471
actatcgcgaccaatatggcgggtcgtggtacagatattgtgctcggtggtagctggcaggcagaagttgccgcgctggaa
>non-promoter squence 472
gatatcaaagaacgtactgcgaaaggccagccggtgctggtgggtactatctccatcgaaaaatcggagctggtgtcaaac
>non-promoter squence 473
tttagctcaatctacaagctggataccgtcgttgttccgaccaaccgtccaatgattcgtaaagatctgccggacctggtc
>non-promoter squence 474
gaaggtgtgcagatccagaacgaaaaccaaacgctggcttcgatcaccttccagaactacttccgtctgtatgaaaaactg
>non-promoter squence 475
ccggccaacatcatgctgatgcaccacgtaacggcggcgctgcgcgctcatgcgctgtttacccgtgacgtcgactacatc
>non-promoter squence 476
ggccacttctcggtggacgaaaaatctcgccaggtgaacctgaccgaacgtggtctggtgctgattgaagaactgctggtg
>non-promoter squence 477
cgtaaactgcactatgcgctggtggacgaagtggactccatcctgatcgatgaagcgcgtacaccgctgatcatttccggc
>non-promoter squence 478
gaaaacaaccgtccgctgtttgaattccttggcctgactgtcggtatcaacctgccgggcatgccagcaccggcaaagcgc
>non-promoter squence 479
gaaatgcgtaccggtgaaggaaaaaccctgaccgcaacgctgcctgcttacctgaacgcactaaccggtaaaggcgtgcac
>non-promoter squence 480
gaagaactgaaagggaaaaccgcagagtttcgtgcacgtctggaaaaaggcgaagtgctggaaaatctgatcccggaagct
>non-promoter squence 481
tttgttcgtgaaagaccctggtgtagcgtgggtacagcagctgcggtaggtatttttatcggcgcactgttaagcatgcgc
>non-promoter squence 482
ggggaagctgaagccgcacgcagtaaagctcaggcattgctgaaagaaaccagggcgcgaatgcatggtcgtactcgcgtc
>non-promoter squence 483
gtcgataagggtggttgtattaacgtactgaccactcaacgtccgtctcctctcgctaaggggaatccgtcacatacaaac
>non-promoter squence 484
aaagtcaggatctttaacgatcgtggtgaggttcatattgaggcgaaagtgacgccacgaatgatgccgggtgtggtcgca
>non-promoter squence 485
cactataaatctcgcgttcactcaacttacggcaacgttgatgtgctgaaagcggcttgccgtcaggaaatgtggatcaac
>non-promoter squence 486
aacccactgactacgccatcgggcaaaattgagatttattcgcaggcgctggctgacattgccgctacctgggaattgcct
>non-promoter squence 487
caacagtttactgaaggccgtacccaggaagagtggatgcggcatctgtatgcccagtcgcgggaagcgattcctgaactg
>non-promoter squence 488
gatgcatcctgcgggaatatgtcttacgtgattttcaacgatcaggtgattaaaccgcgctttgaatgtaagaccatctat
>non-promoter squence 489
tatgccggtaactgcctgattaaccagcattctgaaatcaaccgtacccatgaaatccttcaggatgataagaagtgcgag
>non-promoter squence 490
cgtgaaggttcatacagcttaccgtttgtccgtatgccgaccttggaaaacccgatccagaccagcatttcgatgtttatg
>non-promoter squence 491
tttatcagccagggatggggcccgcagcgtcacgctaacggtgaaatcgcaacccgtgctatctcgatgctggcgattctg
>non-promoter squence 492
ggctacgatgagaaaaccctgccagccagtgcgccgaaaaatggccactataaagcttatattctgggtgaagggccagat
>non-promoter squence 493
cgcgaagatgagtggatccctattcgtccgggaacagatgccgcactggttaacggtctggcgtacgtcatgatcactgaa
>non-promoter squence 494
gcagatggcaacagcccgtcggatatcgaaaacagtaagctggtagtgctgtttggtaataaccctggcgaaacgcgaatg
>non-promoter squence 495
ccgccgggaaataccctggtcgcgcggctgatgaactgctgcggcggctatctgaaccattacggcgactactcctccgcg
>non-promoter squence 496
aaatatccgatgaaacgagtcggggcgcgcggtgaaggcaaattcgagcgcattagctgggaagaagcctacgacatcatc
>non-promoter squence 497
gaaatcaaatatgtcgaaacggacaataccggcgatgacaattacgacggcctgcaccaggttcgcgcctgcctgcgtggg
>non-promoter squence 498
cggattgcgcacgctgtcgatagcgccattccaacaaaatcagacgaaaaggttatctggagcgcctgtacagttaactgt
>non-promoter squence 499
gtgcgcagtgcgaaacttgcgggtatgtgccctgtgcagaccgaccaacatgttctgaatgtcgtgtcacaccagctgcat
>non-promoter squence 500
aactctctggaagaactgttccaaaaaacgatggaagaatacgagcaacgttctagtacgttggcacagttagccgatgaa
>non-promoter squence 501
actttccttcgcgcccaggcacagagtaatgtgacccaaatgatgcgcatgtttaactttatgaagagtgtcggcgctacc
>non-promoter squence 502
acgccgttgatttctgccatcggcgtggtggcgctggtggtgttaattcgccacccgttgatgccggtgtatatcgatatt
>non-promoter squence 503
ctggcgggcgcggcgatcgatattcctgccggaatgcagagcggtgagtttaaatggttgctgctggcaacagcggtgttt
>non-promoter squence 504
actgaacatgcgttgcatcaacacagcatgttcaccattctggtcggtcgttttgttggcccgacgcgtccgctggtgcca
>non-promoter squence 505
ctgatggcggggctgggagcgctgattggcagcggcgagttaagtttctggcacgcctggctggcagggattattggctgc
>non-promoter squence 506
agactgacagaagatcgttttgtcagtcagggtgagctggtcagagacaccgcccgcgatatcagcacggcgttgggactg
>non-promoter squence 507
tttacgccaactacgcttgtggatatgcccaccttgctgaaggacctggaacaagcgcgtgaactgggctataccgtagat
>non-promoter squence 508
atccgtaacggcaatgaagcggtattaattggtcagttagagtgtaaatcgatggtcaggatgtgtgcgccactgggcagt
>non-promoter squence 509
ctgaaggttttacaggcagcggattttgtctatcaggacagtcaattaggctggtggcatataggattaggtgtctttaac
>non-promoter squence 510
gcacaggcgttagagcggggaattgcgattctgcaatatttggaaaaaagtgggggaagttcgtcggttagcgatatttct
>non-promoter squence 511
ctgctgcgccgcgcgcgtagccgggtggatatcgaactgctggcaacccgcaagtcggtaagcagttgctgcgcagccagc
>non-promoter squence 512
atgggggctatcgcccgtgaatcaagccgtggctggatgggcttctccatcctgtgggggctgaatatcgcttactcactg
>non-promoter squence 513
tggcagagcctgaaagacaccttcagccttagcgtactgatgaaccccattgaagccagcaaaggcgacggcgaaatgggt
>non-promoter squence 514
attggcgtgcatgaagataactggcaggcaacggttggcctgtttacaggtgccatggcgaaagaagtggtagtgggtacg
>non-promoter squence 515
attatccagacctggcagcgtctgaaaggcttcgttctgcgtgctggtaaagtgatcatcatcgtcagcattttcctgagc
>non-promoter squence 516
gtattcgcggctgccttcttcgggcagaacggtgcgctggcggtcttctcgctgtatatgctgggtattgtgatggcggtg
>non-promoter squence 517
gaccgtctgatgcaggcgctgggcttgccggggaaatcctttgtgccgctgatcgtcggtttcggttgtaacgtaccgtcg
>non-promoter squence 518
ggtattcaatggattggctacacgctccacttcccggactggctgactatcttcctcgcccagggcctgggtggcggcatt
>non-promoter squence 519
aacaccctgacggcagaacccagccgtttcaccactgcggtagataaaatcgtgctcaaccgtttcctcggtctgccgatt
>non-promoter squence 520
cgtcgctggctgggcctgcaaatgctggaaggcgatatctacagccgcgcctacgccggtgaagcgtcgcagcatctggat
>non-promoter squence 521
ctgggctgtccggtgatcccgctggtttcaacccgtggtcgcggtattgaagcgctcaagctggcgattgatcgctataaa
>non-promoter squence 522
attttgagtggcgacgccgacctgctgattaacgtggtggatgcgtctaaccttgagcgtaacctgtacctgacgctacaa
>non-promoter squence 523
aaagaagggcaattctccaccaccgatcatcaggtcacgctggtggacctgcccggcacctattctctgaccaccatctca
>non-promoter squence 524
caggcgctgctggttaccccgctgtggtttatcgcgctggggttgggctggctgtttattggtaagaagcgggctgctgaa
>non-promoter squence 525
attctgtttatgttcgtctggacgattatcctttgctcgtaccttgtgtatcgcaaacagcgtcctcatctacatgagaag
>non-promoter squence 526
atgctgtttggtctggcgcaggaaggtgtggcaccgaaagcgttcgctaaactttctaagcgcgcagtacccgcgaaaggg
>non-promoter squence 527
gtcttcgcgctgattgtgattatgtccgtgacgccgtggagttcggtagtcccggagaaaagcccgtttgttgaactgttc
>non-promoter squence 528
tggaatgacggcggctggttcccgaaaggtttaagtggcttctttgccggattccagatagcggttttcgctttcgtgggg
>non-promoter squence 529
gcggtgatagtgctgctgctgacgctcaatctcgccaccgtgaaaatgttcggtgagatggagttctggtttgcgatgatc
>non-promoter squence 530
aatctggaatacaaatcttttagtgacttcgcttccgatttactcgggccgtgggcaggatatttcaccggctggacttac
>non-promoter squence 531
ttgtttatggggtctggcaaaacgattagccttgccgggccgtcgatcattttcgtttatatgatcattggttttatgctc
>non-promoter squence 532
attccgttccgcacaaaatctatcggtaacatgccgcctgccaatcaggatcacgatacgccgctattacagcaatatttt
>non-promoter squence 533
gacgaaagcaaccgggttgaggtatatcaccactgcgaaggcagcaaagaggagctggtacgtgacgtcagtcgcttctac
>non-promoter squence 534
caggttgaaaccaatcacgtcaaattaccggcggtggtggacggctttgccagcgaagggatcatccagttctttttcgaa
>non-promoter squence 535
gtttctggtcaaacctgggggttgttcttcgaacgcctgaatgtatcggtacagaaactggaaaacgccatcgagttttat
>non-promoter squence 536
tgttatagccagcatctgcgcggcttaattcgtactcgcgtgcagcaactggtttctgagtgtattgaattgcgtctttcc
>non-promoter squence 537
tcgtggaacgaagtgcgtacgctgcacttcaacggcgagcaatcgatgatcgaagccctgaaaactattctcggcaaaatg
>non-promoter squence 538
gacccgacagcggcgttccgcaatcaggtggtgcatttcgatttccgtaagctggatgtcttcagctttggcgagaatcaa
>non-promoter squence 539
caggagatggtcgccgacgtgtcgcaccatttcccgctgcgcttacctgcaccgacaccgaaggcgctctacagcccgtgt
>non-promoter squence 540
ccgctggaatataaccgttacctgaataaactggtggcgtgggcatggtttaacggcctgctgacctcgcgcacccgtttg
>non-promoter squence 541
tcacccgatctctcggaaccgaatctgacctttatttatgtgccgccgggccgggctaaccgttcaggttggtatctgtat
>non-promoter squence 542
gcgcgtcgcaataaccttagcgtctccgccagtccgcaggatatcggcgtgctgacgcgtaagctgtatgccgcgtttgaa
>non-promoter squence 543
gacgaagctcgtctggcaatgctcgataaccgcgctaactggaagattgatcaggtgcgtgaggcgcacaacgagttgctc
>non-promoter squence 544
cgtctggatttagtacgtcgctgcttctatttaaaagtgtgcgaaaagctcagccgtgaacgcgcctgcgtaggctggcgt
>non-promoter squence 545
ctggcgaaagatatcaaacagcgtttgcacgacggcgagattgtatcgtttggtctcgatccatactgcatgatgctggag
>non-promoter squence 546
gaagagtactttggtgccagcctttggcagctctacaagagtatcgattccccatacaaagcggtactgaaaacactgctg
>non-promoter squence 547
ctgctgcttgacgaattttatcgtaccgccgtgcgtctcgccggtaagcgtattctgtggaatatggtgccgtgcgacgaa
>non-promoter squence 548
catcaatcctggctcgatagcgaagagcgccaattgctacaacgtaaatgtagcctgctggaaaactgggccgcctcgctg
>non-promoter squence 549
atttgcctttacacgcctgatgaaactcaacgccactacctgaacgagcttgaactgtatcgtggaatgtcagtacaggat
>non-promoter squence 550
atctccaacatggacgaaatcaaagaactgatcaaactgtccggtagcgtaaccgtgggtgaaaccccggttatccgcatc
>non-promoter squence 551
gaatctgatagcggcgttgaactgttcgtccacttcggtatcgacaccgttgaactgaaaggcgaaggcttcaagcgtatt
>non-promoter squence 552
gtttttgcggaaaaaatcgttggtgatggtattgctatcaaaccaacgggtaacaaaatggtcgcgccagtagacggcacc
>non-promoter squence 553
cgccgtccggactacattaaagagttctggaacgtggtgaactgggacgaagcagcggcacgttttgcggcgaaaaaataa
>non-promoter squence 554
gcagcttcccgctttggttccggctgggcatggctggtgctgaaaggcgataaactggcggtggtttctactgctaaccag
>non-promoter squence 555
ctggaccagctgccagcagacaagaaaaccgtactgcgcaacaacgctggcggtcacgctaaccacagcctgttctggaaa
>non-promoter squence 556
gacgcagaagtgcttataccaggattacgtgtggaattttgccgcgtaaatggcctgcgaggaccaacagcggcaaatgtt
>non-promoter squence 557
agctacctgcatcgcgtctggtcgaaaaccagcgataaaccggtgtggatggatcaggccgaaaaggcaactggtgatttt
>non-promoter squence 558
ggcggtcgttgtgtaggtatccagaacgaacagctggttcaccacgacatcatcgacgctatcgaaaacatgaagcgtccg
>non-promoter squence 559
cgtgaaacccgcgcaactgtgctgggccacatccagcgcggtggttctccggtgccttacgaccgtattctggcttcccgt
>non-promoter squence 560
gcggccattgccggtggctgtgaattcgttgtggttccggaagttgaattcagccgtgaagacctggtaaacgaaatcaaa
>non-promoter squence 561
atcggtctgccgggcactatcgacaacgacatcaaaggcactgactacactatcggtttcttcactgcgctgagcaccgtt
>non-promoter squence 562
aacatccgcgccgtggctatcgaaaacctgaaaaaacgtggtatcgacgcgctggtggttatcggcggtgacggttcctac
>non-promoter squence 563
ggctatctgggtctgtatgaagaccgtatggtacagctagaccgttacagcgtgtctgacatgatcaaccgtggcggtacg
>non-promoter squence 564
acgctgcctgctcacgtcaatatcaataccctggaaatgatgccggttacccaaagctatgccggactgaatgtccaccgt
>non-promoter squence 565
ctgcgtacggatctgcatggtacggcggtgcgcgtcaccgacatcgaaccgggtctggtgggtggtaccgagttttccaat
>non-promoter squence 566
acgatgattgataccaacaacaaaggcctggtatatatgacgcgcgccgtcttaccgggtatggttgaacgtaatcatggt
>non-promoter squence 567
aaagacgaactgggagataatctgtatatcgcccaactggacgttcgcaaccgcgccgctattgaagagatgctggcatcg
>non-promoter squence 568
gggaagagccatgactgcggtaataaattaggttacatgcaggccttcgttgaatacggtattcgtcataacacccttggc
>non-promoter squence 569
gaaaaaccgaaagcggatgttgcgccgtctaatctcgctattgtgggtcgttacgtacttagcgcggatatttggccgttg
>non-promoter squence 570
gatgaatatgaatccgatttgtcacaggataacctggcagagatgatccgccgctttgatgaaacgggtcatagccagatc
>non-promoter squence 571
cacgtgactattatgcaagttcgtcagggtctggcgaaaggcctgggacacgcggtattgtgtgctcacccggtagtgggt
>non-promoter squence 572
ttaattcaatacgtcgtgaatgaatgtattgcggctggcattactgaaattgtgctggttacacactcatctaaaaactct
>non-promoter squence 573
gcgaaagacgaagctgacgagaaagatgcaatcgcaactgttaacaaacaggaagatgcaaacttctccaacaacgcaatg
>non-promoter squence 574
gttgacgctaaaggcgcaaccgtagaactggctgacggcgttgaaggttacctgcgtgcttctgaagcatcccgtgaccgc
>non-promoter squence 575
gcaggcgaagaagcagttcgtgaatacaaaaaaggcgacgaaatcgctgcagttgttctgcaggttgacgcagaacgtgaa
>non-promoter squence 576
cgtatctccctgggtctgaaacagtgcaaagctaacccgtggcagcagttcgcggaaacccacaacaagggcgaccgtgtt
>non-promoter squence 577
gaaggcctggtacacgtttccgaaatggactggaccaacaaaaacatccacccgtccaaagttgttaacgttggcgatgta
>non-promoter squence 578
atcactgttaaagtgctgaagttcgaccgcgaacgtacccgtgtatccctgggcctgaaacagctgggcgaagatccgtgg
>non-promoter squence 579
gagcgcgatcagctgctggaaaacctgcaggaaggcatggaagttaaaggtatcgttaagaacctcactgactacggtgca
>non-promoter squence 580
actgttgagctgaacggtattcgtgcgttcctgccaggttctctggtagacgttcgtccggtgcgtgacactctgcacctg
>non-promoter squence 581
gaaactctgctgtcccgtgagaaagctaaacgtcacgaagcctggatcacgctggaaaaagcttacgaagatgctgaaact
>non-promoter squence 582
ggtctgaaatctgagtccgccatcccggctgagcagttcaaaaacgcccagggcgagctggaaatccaggtaggtgacgaa
>non-promoter squence 583
accggattacgcatctgtggcattaaaatgttcccggtggtcaacatgcttccagcactccttctggcaatgccgctttcc
>non-promoter squence 584
cttgatttctttacggcgatgatcttcgcctgctcgctgggtattgcggtatcggtgattagtatcccattactgatcatc
>non-promoter squence 585
tcttttattcagaattatgtcgcgattattgtcctgttttgcgccagcggcaccgggatcttcggggcgatgaacgaaggg
>non-promoter squence 586
gcatcgctggggattggtattttactggtggtgaaatgtgccaaccttccagcgatggttttagctacgctacttggcgct
>non-promoter squence 587
aaccagatcctcgacgttcgcgaacgccaggaacagcaagagcaggaagccgctgaattacaagccgttaccgctattgct
>non-promoter squence 588
gagaagccttaaaactgcgacgacacattcaccttgaaccaagggttcaagggttacagcctgcggcggcatctcggagat
>non-promoter squence 589
accatcagtagccagaagaaatctgcgatgatgaagctgggtgtcgagaacgatatcgccctgctgaattatctctcttca
>non-promoter squence 590
atcagtgctggtggttacggtgacaagcgtctctcgccaaaagagagtgaagttctgcgcctgtttgcggaaggcttcctg
>non-promoter squence 591
ctggatatcgaagggatcgtgctgaaacaaggtgcaccgaccgatctgccgaaagctctcgccgcgctgcagaaagggaag
>non-promoter squence 592
ggcgataagtacggcgatggcattaccttaatcaagtacatcaagcgccatttcccaagcctgtcgatcattgttctgact
>non-promoter squence 593
ggtaataccatcatggtggtacagaaacaaggcaacactcgtttctctccgggccaacgtgtcgtactggccagcaatggc
>non-promoter squence 594
ggaaccgggcgttctctggctactgcagcaggcgctgttgcaggtggcgtagctggtcagggcgtacagagtgcaatgaac
>non-promoter squence 595
agctatggcaccatcgttaacgtacgtccggtacagattcagggcggtgatgattccaacgttatcggtgcaattggcggt
>non-promoter squence 596
cgcgaacggcagaagcaggggattccactggatgcgggaagctggcaggccatttgtgatgcagcgcggcagattggtatg
>non-promoter squence 597
ctcttcggcgcgccggattgtaacgcgcagaccgaagcctttgccgagtgggtgaaagcctcgccgcatgatgatgataag
>non-promoter squence 598
gcgatgtgtgaaattcttggcggggcgctttccggcggtaaaacgacgcatcaggaaacgttacaaaccagtcccgatgcc
>non-promoter squence 599
gtgccgccaggttgcctgattgacgttaacggcgtgccgacgaccaatccggcggtaatgcaggagtcgccgttgggttcg
>non-promoter squence 600
ggcaccaatccgttctgtgtggttttccctcgtaaagataatttcccgctgttgcttgattacgccaccagcgccattgca
>non-promoter squence 601
atcggccgtatcggttactgggcggagcagtgtgcagcggcggggtttgtctctatccactttgttagcgtggtcggtatt
>non-promoter squence 602
gtcacgctcgatggcgatcgcgcatttggtcaggtcgcggcacatgaagcgatggcgctggggattgagaaagcgcatcag
>non-promoter squence 603
aacctggcagggcatgattcacatggtattggcatgatcccaagctatgtacgctcctggagtcaggggcacctgcaaatt
>non-promoter squence 604
gtgttttatccgggggaagtgcataaaccgctgtgcgcagtgggcgcgccagcccaggttcgcaaagcagtagtgaagatg
>non-promoter squence 605
accttcagcacgcaacctgcaggcgcgccggataccgactggttagctgataaagacatcgcatttttgccggaaggcgtt
>non-promoter squence 606
ggcaatcgactgttttatcttatctcggaagatatgaccgagccgtacgaagctcgccgtgcggagtaccatgcccgctat
>non-promoter squence 607
gagtctgaagccagcaacgatcaggcaccggtgcagatgcctcgcgactattctgaaggcgcatccggcctgctgcgtact
>non-promoter squence 608
aataaagctgaactggacgagtatcgcgaagagctggttagccactttgcccgcagcgcggaattactggataccatggcg
>non-promoter squence 609
gaactgaatcttgaaccgagtcaggttggtaatgaatttgccgagaaatattacggcccggcaagccaggtggtgcctgag
>non-promoter squence 610
gatgaaatttatatggcgttgtcgatggccgatattttcattgccattggcacatccgggcatgtttatccggcggctggg
>non-promoter squence 611
gcaggtaataccaatgtgattcatatgcatggggaactgctgaaagtgcgttgttcacaaagtggtcaggttctcgactgg
>non-promoter squence 612
ccggaaggtttcgatcgcgatcctgaactggtgcaagcgttttataacgcccgtcgtcgacagctgcagcagccagaaatt
>non-promoter squence 613
ggcgaaatcgataagaaagtggttgctgacgcaatcgccaaattcaacatcgatgcagataaagttaacccgcgtctggcg
>non-promoter squence 614
taccgcgtactgggtactgatggcttcggtcgttccgacagccgtgagaacctgcgtcaccacttcgaagttgatgcttct
>non-promoter squence 615
ctggaaactccgcgcgttccgtatatcgctcaggtgatgaacgacgctccggcagtggcatctaccgactatatgaaactg
>non-promoter squence 616
gaagcagctgagatcctggcgaaagattacggcgtaggttctgacgtttatagcgtgacctccttcaccgagctggcgcgt
>non-promoter squence 617
gaaaaacaagagaacgtttactactacatcactacgctgaacgaaaactaccacatgccggcaatgccggaaggtgctgag
>non-promoter squence 618
cgtggcttcctgatcggcggtacttccggtcgtaccaccctgaacggcgaaggtctgcagcacgaagatggtcacagccac
>non-promoter squence 619
gcagcggcgacctcttacagcaccaacaatctgccgatgatcccgttctacatctattactcgatgttcggcttccagcgt
>non-promoter squence 620
ccgaacggtcagcagtacaccccgcaggaccgcgagcaggttgcttactataaagaagacgagaaaggtcagattctgcag
>non-promoter squence 621
cgtgctctgaacgtgatgctgaagaacaagtcgatcaaagatcgtctggtaccgatcatcgccgacgaagcgcgtactttc
>non-promoter squence 622
accttcccggaaggttctgaagagcatacctatctgcacgctcagcgtcagaaactgcacggttatctgccaagccgtcag
>non-promoter squence 623
aaaggcaaagcgacagtaatccttgctcataccattaaaggttacggcatgggcgacgcggctgaaggtaaaaacatcgcg
>non-promoter squence 624
ggcgactaccagaccttcaaatcgaaagatggtgcgtacgttcgtgaacacttcttcggtaaatatcctgaaaccgcagca
>non-promoter squence 625
aacctgcagcgtcttgacggcccggtcaccggtaacggcaagatcatcaacgaactggaaggcatcttcgaaggtgctggc
>non-promoter squence 626
tctaaacaaaccgtttacgcgttcctcggtgacggtgaaatggacgaaccggaatccaaaggtgcgatcaccatcgctacc
>non-promoter squence 627
ccgaaactgatgccggaattctggcagttcccgaccgtatctatgggtctgggtccgattggtgctatttaccaggctaaa
>non-promoter squence 628
cagggccacatctccccgggcgtgtacgctcgtgctttcctggaaggtcgtctgactcaggagcagctggataacttccgt
>non-promoter squence 629
gacctcgaactgggcggccatatggcgtccttccagtcttccgcaaccatttatgatgtgtgctttaaccacttcttccgt
>non-promoter squence 630
cttgctgaagcccgcaaaggcggtgtaaacgtagccgcaggcacaggtatcagcaactacatcaacaccatccccgttgaa
>non-promoter squence 631
cgtcagaaaatcgccacagcgattgctgaaggcgtgatcagttatttccactggttcgacaaccagaaagcacattcgaaa
>non-promoter squence 632
cgcaacaccgaacaagcggcatttgtggtgttgaaatcaccgtcggttccttcggtgctggtggaaacctcgtttatcacc
>non-promoter squence 633
aaggatcacctattgcaacaagtgctgtttgatctggtgcaaacagataccattaaaaatagtctgacgctcggctcgcat
>non-promoter squence 634
aaagctgccggtgcttcggtatttgccctctctaaccgtggggcaagtagcgcaatggcgaaatacctgtctgaacgcgaa
>non-promoter squence 635
gatgcgcgtttaacgcgttctggcgatacgtttatcccactttacgatcgcgttgaaatcgcccataaacatggcgcagat
>non-promoter squence 636
accagcaacggacacagcaagccgaaagccaaaaaatctggcggcaaacgtgtcgttgttctcgatccaggtcacggcgga
>non-promoter squence 637
ggcggttccgttgattataccgaaggtctggaaggttctcgtttcatcgtgaccaacccgaacgcgaaaagcacctgcggt
>non-promoter squence 638
ggttgcagcggcttccagtatggtttcacctttgatgatcaggtgaacgaaggcgatatgaccatcgaaaaacagggcgtt
>non-promoter squence 639
ccgtggtatgagaatgtttctgaaatttttggacatttagtctggttctggtctattgaaattattcgcagagatttacga
>non-promoter squence 640
gctgaagtatttccaaaaattaaactctggcagggcttactggcaggtgctttagcccaactttttgttcatatgatttca
>non-promoter squence 641
tggttggggctgacagatcccaatgcggctgtttatacctttgccgggcatgtctttaactgggttggtgttacgcacatt
>non-promoter squence 642
ccacgtagcccggtggatatgtttaatgcagcgtgtggcccggaatcattaatcagggctgcaggccaaattgattgctcg
>non-promoter squence 643
gtgacgattcttgatcccaaatgcacggccaaaacatttccggattatttcgagcagctggcgcggattagccaggcagcc
>non-promoter squence 644
gaggggcacgattacattcgtatcactcctccggaaaaactgaactttgccgagatcgcgacatacaatgatcaccggatg
>non-promoter squence 645
gcggcgttatttgcaaaaggcaccaccacgctgcgcaatatctataactggcgtgttaaagagaccgatcgcctgtttgcg
>non-promoter squence 646
gaaaaaatgggcgcgaccatttgctggggcgatgattatatttcctgcacgcgtggtgaactgaacgctattgatatggat
>non-promoter squence 647
ggcgatgcatcttcggcttcttactttctggcagcagcagcaatcaaaggcggcactgtaaaagtgaccggtattggacgt
>non-promoter squence 648
atcgacatcacactcaatctgatgaagacgtttggtgttgaaattgaaaatcagcactatcaacaatttgtcgtaaaaggc
>non-promoter squence 649
aacgttgacgttgatggctccgtttccagccaattcctcaccgcactgttaatgactgcgcctcttgcgccggaagatacg
>non-promoter squence 650
atgaaagaacgcccgattggtcatctggtggatgcgctgcgcctgggcggggcgaagatcacttacctggaacaagaaaat
>non-promoter squence 651
ccattacacgcagaaggtgccctggagttgttcctcggtaacgccggaacggcaatgcgtccgctggcggcagctctttgt
>non-promoter squence 652
ttaaccaatctgctggatagcgatgacgtgcgccatatgctgaatgcattaacagcgttaggggtaagctatacgctttca
>non-promoter squence 653
cattttgtgcaggccatcgaacaagcctggcaacaaatcgtacaattcggcgcacatcaggcgctattaaacaccctcaaa
>non-promoter squence 654
gttcgcgatccgcttagcgataaaattcgcgaacttgttgcgggcagcagcagtgaacaacgcgtaaccgccctgctttcc
>non-promoter squence 655
atgctggcaggtattcgcatacatcaggggcgcgaaacggactggtcgttgctggcattaggcgttgcaggctggatgcgt
>non-promoter squence 656
attaaagatgtcgatttaacacaatatgcggataagttaattgcacgttttgctaatccggcgctgaaacataagacctgg
>non-promoter squence 657
tttctcgcttatctgggttacctctcaggattcgcccatatcagtgattgcatgcaggatcgcgcatttcgccatgccgcc
>non-promoter squence 658
gtggtggaagataacttcgtcgctgggcgtcctgcctgggaagtcgcaggtgtacaaatggtgaatgatgtcctgccatgg
>non-promoter squence 659
ccgggaaccatggtcgaccgcattgttccggctgcaaccgacgaatcactggtggaaatcagccagcatctgggggtgaat
>non-promoter squence 660
accgtgctctcctgcgacaatattcccgacaatggtcatgtggtgaaaaacgcggtgctgggaatggcagaaaaacgttcg
>non-promoter squence 661
ctcgacaccagtaatccgcggattattcacgatctacaaacccctgaagaacctcactccgcaccgggtattctcgtcgaa
>non-promoter squence 662
cttaatgcaaaactggattccttagcggcaattattgagaaattttgcgagccacaggtggcaattgtttccctgacgatt
>non-promoter squence 663
agcttgttcagcggtgatcaactgatgagccagctccgcgcacagaaccatttatataccgtgctggagaaaggtgcggac
>non-promoter squence 664
gtggactggaatgcaactatttcatcttacatcatgcagcaaacggcattgcaggcatcgtataaagcatttaccgatatg
>non-promoter squence 665
aacaatgtgctgactgttcgcgcggaattaggcacgcagctgaacgaactggagtcgctggattcattaggtagcgatcgc
>non-promoter squence 666
tttgccatgctggatagtgccatcgcagccctgaaaacgccggtcgcggatagcgaagcggataaagaaaccgccgctgcg
>non-promoter squence 667
aaacaacaggtcgatgcttcgcgttcgatggtgatagggcacacgggtgacaaaattttcgacagtattaccagcaacgcg
>non-promoter squence 668
ttgctgaatctggcaaacaccactgacggtaacgggcgctacatttttgccggttataaaacagagactgcgccgtttagc
>non-promoter squence 669
agccaggtcaccactgctatccagaatgctcaggaaaaaattgtctacgccagcaatggcaccttgagtgacgatgaccgg
>non-promoter squence 670
gacgatcccattgctgcatcacaagccgtagttctctcccaggcacaggcgcaaaacagccagtacacgctggcgcgtact
>non-promoter squence 671
ctgcaaagtattgccgattatccggtgaaggttcgtaaactcatccgccgtttgcgccgtatccgcatcgaccgattaatt
>non-promoter squence 672
cgtctggatctggaaaacgccattttgatccacgatccgcaacttgagctggcgccacagcgagagaaagaactggagctg
>non-promoter squence 673
actgaccagctagtggttcggttatggaaagatgacgacaacacctatcacctgaaagggatgtgggttgatgataagtgg
>non-promoter squence 674
aaaaccgcgaatgacttctacattccggaagatgaacctttcaagataattggcgcattgccttatctctatgagatcaat
>non-promoter squence 675
ccttgtgccgagcagaaactaaccatctgtacgccatacttcaacctgccagcaatccttgtgcgcaatattatccagttg
>non-promoter squence 676
gagctgcgtgatgccgcttatcatttccagggcgatgccgacaacgatcagctttctgtaacgccgctagtggggctgggg
>non-promoter squence 677
gacattatgtttgaatgggttacacagaatattatgaatggccgcggcgttaatcgtctggatgatgttaatcggccaaaa
>non-promoter squence 678
ggctttatcatcgacgatagcgtactttatagcggtgccagcctgaacgatgtttacctgcatcagcacgataaatatcgc
>non-promoter squence 679
gcatctaacactaacgctgactggtactgccgcatggcgcaggaaaatccgggcgtagatgttccggtttatggcgttcca
>non-promoter squence 680
gatgacggtggcaaaggcattctgaacgcgttgtatgaggctaaaaggcagcgtccggaactggatgtgcgggtgctggtc
>non-promoter squence 681
gaaattaacgtcaccagcccaacctgtattcgtgagattgaagcagagtttccggtgtcgatcaccggaatgttaatggat
>non-promoter squence 682
cgcggtgaacctcgtccgctgacggaaagtgactggaaaatcgcccgtcagatcgggccgacgctgaaagaaaaagggctg
>non-promoter squence 683
ctgccagccattaaagatggcgacaaacgcgtgctggtggtggatggcgagccggtaccgtactgcctggcgcgtattccg
>non-promoter squence 684
ccgctggacggtatgggcggcgcgtcgattttccgcgtgaaagaaggcgatccaaacctcggcgtgattgccgaaaccctg
>non-promoter squence 685
gactgtaacgagaaactgtttaccgcctggttctctgacttaacgccagaaacgctggttacgcgcaataaagcgcagcta
>non-promoter squence 686
gatgtgatcctgatgcgtaaagacccgccgtttgataccgagtttatctacgcgacctatattctggaacgtgccgaagag
>non-promoter squence 687
ggcgatctgtatctgatcaatggtgaagcccgcgcccatacccgcacgctgaacgtgaagcagaactacgaagagtggttt
>non-promoter squence 688
cttgagtttcaacaggttttatctgacatcggcgaggcgctggaagcgcgctttgtgctggaagataagctgattctgctg
>non-promoter squence 689
gaaggcaacgggcaactcgcgcgcgccgcgaagatttggccgcaactcgaagccaatactcaacagattatggattactac
>non-promoter squence 690
cctggcaaagaatcgtacatgaggctaaacgaaaaagcccttgatgatttttgtcagagcctggtcgattacttgtctgcc
>non-promoter squence 691
ccaggcacgccgtattgggtgatcaccaacaccaacaccggccgtaaatgcagcatgatcgaacacatcatgcagtcgatg
>non-promoter squence 692
cttgacgcccaggcgtttgccgaagcaacggaatcgttgcacggtcgtacacgcgtttactttgcggcagatgaacaaacg
>non-promoter squence 693
ccggtcaaaacgattaaagacaaggttcgcgcaatgcgtgaacttctgctttcggatgaatacgcagagcaaaagcgagcg
>non-promoter squence 694
gctgcactcatcacttactttgccgggaactggcatagcgtcgccatttatttgctggctggatgcctgatttccgcaatg
>non-promoter squence 695
gtgtgtgtgcaacaaccgatgtttaccgaaatgtttggtgccagttatcgctatagtggcgctggagtcggttatcaggtt
>non-promoter squence 696
acaggtacgttaatcggaacgttgagcgcatttcctttctttatggcgcttgaagcacaatctattttctggatagttttc
>non-promoter squence 697
atggggctaccgcgcgaacttttccttaatattggtttgctggtaggtggattaagctgcctgacaattccctgttttgcc
>non-promoter squence 698
gttatcgaagcgctgttacgacatcccggtgctttcctgaagattattgcgctacgactgtgcgaattgctgacgatgtac
>non-promoter squence 699
cctttcctgtttagcatcgtactggtactgggagcattgtgggtgcgcaatggcatggaggagtccgcggaatttgaacaa
>non-promoter squence 700
ttttacagtagcggtgtacaagttggctacggtgtaggtttactgctttcaaccggactggtttcattgatcagtatgatg
>non-promoter squence 701
gggtggtgggcacctattttgctggtgacactgcgtgccattcagggatttgcagtcggcggcgaatggggaggcgcggcg
>non-promoter squence 702
ggtgtcattttcggtcactttggcgaccgactgggacgtaagcgcatgttaatgctgaccgtctggatgatgggcatcgcg
>non-promoter squence 703
tatggcatcaccgccgcactggtgtttaatcgcgagtttttcccgcaagtaagcccggcgatgggaacgctcgccgcattt
>non-promoter squence 704
ttcgttgaacagtgtccggaagacccgatcagcgaaatgatccgtgcgcaaataaataacatcgcgcataaacatattgtg
>non-promoter squence 705
ttacgcaccagcgaagctttattacaattcaaccctgaagatccctatgaaattcgcgatcgcgggttgatttatgcgcaa
>non-promoter squence 706
agcccgtcggcggaactgttttatgaagaccttgatgaagctgataacattgaggtaatccgcaaattgctggatacactc
>non-promoter squence 707
ttccctacgcagctgatattgcgcattgaatgtccggatggcgaaatttggctgattaatccttttaacggtgaatcgtta
>non-promoter squence 708
ctttccgatgcattatggctggaccaggtgttaaagaatcgacagggcagtgcggtatcattaggtgcggttttattatgg
>non-promoter squence 709
ctcgttagtctggcgaaggaagaaatcagccagcttctgcctttagaagagcagttggaaaaactgatcgcgctgttttac
>non-promoter squence 710
ggcggcatcctcgatgtacagcgccagccaacgctactgtttaatggttacgccgcccaggtggcatcgctgtatcgtggc
>non-promoter squence 711
gagcgtccgccaaccacctggaatctggcagcgcctgacgaatacggtttttacgccaacgttaatccgtatgttgatcac
>non-promoter squence 712
accgtaggtgtttatggcaaggcgttaccgccacaaaatggcgcgccggtgcgactgattgtgccgtggaaatatggcttt
>non-promoter squence 713
acaatttatgcaccggaacagatgccaggccagcaggaccgctttatcggcggtgggctgaaatatccttatgtcgaagga
>non-promoter squence 714
atttatcgtatgcgctgcgtggaagcgtggtcgatggtggtgccgtggattggttttccgctgcacaaattgctggcgctt
>non-promoter squence 715
gccgctaatgctggtagcctgaaaaccgatccatggacactgaaaatcagcggcgaagtggcaaaaccattgaccctcgat
>non-promoter squence 716
ggaaaagcgctggagttcagcaagcctgccgcctggcaaaataacctgccactgacgccagcagataaagtttccggttat
>non-promoter squence 717
catcgggtatggctgtcctggtacgaacagtattttgtatggggaatgaccgcaggcataattcgtgagctggcgctgcaa
>non-promoter squence 718
cccgatctgccgtatcgcgccagtgaagatgaagtctcggcggtgtttgaaatgccgctcgcccaggcattacatctgggt
>non-promoter squence 719
ctgcgcgaagctgaagaagaggtcgctataccgccttccgccgttgaagttatcggcgtgctgccgcccgtcgatagcgtc
>non-promoter squence 720
cgaccgcaaccggggttgttgctgactcagcgttcgattcatctgcgtaaacacgctggacaagtggcattccctggaggt
>non-promoter squence 721
gaaaatgacatcaatattgcctttaaccagcttgaagtgcatctgcacaacgagaagggcgatgaggtgacggaagtaaaa
>non-promoter squence 722
ttctttacggcgtttggtgccagcacgttggatcatgagctgcgtctgtatgtgcgtgaactgcgtgaccgtagccgtact
>non-promoter squence 723
acgcgtctggtgatccgtctcggcgtggcctatggctccgatctggaaaaagtgcgtaaagtgttactgaaggcggcgact
>non-promoter squence 724
gtaagtaagatccgtattcgtgcgacaacgattaccgatttcgatcgcaaagaagtgatcatcccgaacaaagcgtttgtt
>non-promoter squence 725
gtgttcgggtcgctgggcgtctcttgggataaactccagtggctggcagcagcattatccgtaggtcttggttttggttta
>non-promoter squence 726
gtcaccatgggcagtctgttgtttgcgattatcgcctcaatggtggcctgggcgttgattcgcaacctgcctggtttgctg
>non-promoter squence 727
attgcactggagcaggttaaccagcagacgctgcgtattaccatgttgctgatgtttgcgctgtttggtgtcatgttctgg
>non-promoter squence 728
ctctccgggcgttggattgaaaccgtttatttggtgatcatctggaacctgctgtaccagacagtactgcgtggcttaagc
>non-promoter squence 729
caggctatgattttcttcaacctgctgctgattgccttcctggtatggccgatgtgccgcgaaagctggcgtgataaagag
>non-promoter squence 730
ctgtgctggaaggtactggagaaaaacggcgttgccgtgcgtcactttggtatgccggaacagcagaccagccactggcgt
>non-promoter squence 731
ctgcgtaacgacagccagctcaacacaccaaaagcgatccttatcgacctgatccgtgcgctgccggtgtgcctgattatt
>non-promoter squence 732
caaagcctgaaagatgaatttaagtcgatgaaaatcacggtgaactgggaaaaagcctggcctgccgtttttatcgctttc
>non-promoter squence 733
gaattgctggatcagcttaacaaacagttgggtaaccagctgatgatggccattaacctgcaaatcaaccagcagcagtta
>non-promoter squence 734
gaactggaaaacatgaccaaccgcatcgcggatttgcgtctcgaacagtttgaagttaaccagcagcgtgatgcactcttc
>non-promoter squence 735
ctgattacagcgactgaaaacggtaatcagttgatgcagcaaaacattaaagtcaaaaactggctggagcgggcgcttcaa
>non-promoter squence 736
gcgaacagcgcccgtctggagcaccagttgcagctgttgcaagaagcagtaaacagcaagcgcctgactttaaccgaaaaa
>non-promoter squence 737
aaagtgttaatgcaggcccagcaggcgttgctgaatgcggagattgaccagcagcgtaaaagcctggaagggaacaccgtc
>non-promoter squence 738
ttacagacgcagcccgaacgcgtgcaaaatgcgatgtataacgcttcgcagcagctgcaacaaattcgcagtcgtctggat
>non-promoter squence 739
acgcgcaaaattctgagcacactttcgttgcgccagctggaaactcgcgttgcccaggcgctggacgatttgcaaaacgca
>non-promoter squence 740
ctgccgacaaaagcggacctgcaggcacaacttgactcactgaataaacaaaaagatctttctgctcaggacaaactggtg
>non-promoter squence 741
atcgacatgggccgtacggcgttaaacgttagtggctcgatgacagctggcacgctgaccagccagtggctgaagcaaacc
>non-promoter squence 742
gttagttccgcaggcgttgccggtgtcggtggtggtgcaactttcgccgcactgattgtactgcctgcgatgggcctgcca
>non-promoter squence 743
acgcgtcgtctgggcgttcctgaatccatcgccagtttcgccgcctctttcggtgcaaccattggtcagaacggctgcgcc
>non-promoter squence 744
ggaagtttcgttgtcgcgtcctacctcggtctgctgattatgtttgcagtgcatggcattctgctgggcattaatggcgtg
>non-promoter squence 745
gcattgaaactgctgaaggatgatgcgccgaaaggtgaacgcgtcttagccgctatcgataccctacaaagctgggtgatg
>non-promoter squence 746
ggtgcagaaactgcacgtctgaacgccattgaaagtaactatgttggtaaagtctctgatctgagcgttccgcagctggtc
>non-promoter squence 747
atgccgttagtcttcgcctctattctgagcgcggttgcccgtctgcataacgcatctcagttaggcaaaatcagttttctg
>non-promoter squence 748
gtggtttttggccttgccctgcataccatttatggttctgacagccaggtacttaaagattctgtacagtggtttaacatc
>non-promoter squence 749
gtactggaccagatcttcggcccgctgacgttggtttatggcatcccgccgatcatcggcgcactgttgccaagcgccagc
>non-promoter squence 750
cagccgctatctgtggcggtgatgatgctgatggcgctgtcgttcatctttggcccactgcgtagcgtaccgatgggcgtg
>non-promoter squence 751
gtggtggcgctggacccggatgcactctctatcagcggtttgcacaactatgtgaagtatctgaagtcgagcggtcaggat
>non-promoter squence 752
cataaagtctggcgtctgtcgcaggttgatgaatctgatctgaccaatccgaaacagattaccggttcgcagacggtgagc
>non-promoter squence 753
gtctacattgagcgggttaaaggtgacgaagagttaggtggcatcagcatttatgcctttaacgagaatcgtcgtctgcaa
>non-promoter squence 754
ggcgaatgggtcgcgccgcagggcgagcagatggcgcgtaactaccgtgcgcaggcgatgtacggcggctcgttgctctct
>non-promoter squence 755
gggatgctggcgcagcgcagcgaactggtggtgatgcaggcttctggttttacccgtatgcaggtggcgctgtcggtgatg
>non-promoter squence 756
aaagccgggcaggggagttacgacgcgttaggcgcaggaatgtataccttgctgagcgtgccgaaagatgtgcagatcttc
>non-promoter squence 757
ctggcggacgtggaacggttatgtccgcaacttgtgaaaacgccgccgggtggtctgttacaatctgttgatttacatccg
>non-promoter squence 758
gtgaccatcagggcagtgcctttacccttacgccaacaaaatttacaaatcttgattcctgaactgataggctacctggcg
>non-promoter squence 759
gcccagccgctgctgattccgttgcggctaaaagtttctgccgaagaaaaatcggcattagaaaaagcgcagtctgccctg
>non-promoter squence 760
atcgtccattccgactgtgcgttgctggagcgcgacggcaacatttcacttttatccttgccagtggcagaacgttggctg
>non-promoter squence 761
gcatcaggcagtcgtccggctgccccctggccgaatgcgcagccaggctaccagaaacagcaaggtgaagtgtatcgccag
>non-promoter squence 762
gacgatgaaccccaacctgcaccgcgttccattccggaaaaccgcgtggcggcggggcgcaatcactttgcagaaccggca
>non-promoter squence 763
ggggccgatcagcaaccggcatttgtgttgtatctggagatcgacccacatcaggtggacgtcaacgtgcaccccgccaaa
>non-promoter squence 764
gaacatcctctgcatggcggcactggtattgctcacactcgctgggcgacccacggtgaaccttcagaagtgaatgcgcat
>non-promoter squence 765
ctgcgcaccgagaaaaccgaatttaaccacattgatgagatcatccgccgcattgcgctggcgcgtttcgacgtcacgatc
>non-promoter squence 766
agtatcagttcggtttcccgcctgacgctcacttcacgcaccgcagaacagcaggaagcctggcaggcctatgccgaaggg
>non-promoter squence 767
cgtatcgatattgatatcgaacgcggtggggcgaaacttatccgcattcgtgataacggctgcggtatcaaaaaagatgag
>non-promoter squence 768
cttgattacattgaaggaaacataaagaaaaaatcatggctggataacaaagaattattacaaacagcgatatcagttctt
>non-promoter squence 769
cactgtgaagtgtccgaagcggacatggtctttggtgaactgcctgaagaagcgcaaaagccaaacccatttgccgtatta
>non-promoter squence 770
gcactgccggaagcgtatgaaccgattgaggttaacgaattcggtgaaatcgatctgcttgcaatggttgaagatgaaatc
>non-promoter squence 771
ttaaacggcgatgcgaaggtgacggtaacgctcgagtgtcagcgttgcgggaagccgtttactcatcaggtctacacaacg
>non-promoter squence 772
aaattcagagataacttgaagcgggtcaaagaagcgctgaaggaatcgcgttttgataagcagttacttaatttaagtgac
>non-promoter squence 773
ctggcaattaccctcgacgtaccggaagatactgacatttatatgcccatggtttctcgacttgcacagctgaccgtgata
>non-promoter squence 774
gatgatatcgtgctgcaacgcatgagttgtatgaattgtagcgacggagacgtggtggtgctgatttctcacactggaaga
>non-promoter squence 775
tccgcaatggcaacgcttgatcatgtccgtcattcactggataaatctgccatcaaccgcgccgtcgacttgctcactcag
>non-promoter squence 776
cgcggttttcctgattttaaacttcatctggcacagagtctggcgaatggcactccctatgttaatcgcaatgtcaatgaa
>non-promoter squence 777
tcggcgtggtgggcactgctattcttaatcccgtttatcggctggcttattatcatcgtctttaactgccaggcgggtacg
>non-promoter squence 778
gataaaatgttaggctggcaacgcgctggtggcgaaggcatcctgacgacaatctacggtattctggtgtttttaccgtgg
>non-promoter squence 779
acgtcgaacctgcgcaaatattccattcttggcgcgttaaccttgtatctggacttcatcaacctgttcctgatgttgttg
>non-promoter squence 780
ttgaaaagcgaagcattgatgtgggcagttacctacatcggcgtgattgtctttgtcggattgacggcgtatgacacgcag
>non-promoter squence 781
gggatgttcggcgcaatgagcctgtacggttacaccacgaagcgcgatttaagtggctttggcaatatgctgtttatggcg
>non-promoter squence 782
agcgcaggtgtaacgacgatgctctttatgctttattcggcgctgacgggtcttacgctttccagtatattcattgtctat
>non-promoter squence 783
tatgcggctaattccgcggccgtgatggagctgttgttcactaaccgtgtctttttaatcggtctgatcatcgcgcaatta
>non-promoter squence 784
gcagtaatggaaaactatcagcaggctgatggtcgtattgaagtaccagaagttctgcgtccgtatatgaacggactggaa
>non-promoter squence 785
aacgtttgggatttccaggcacgtcgtatgcaggcacgttgccgcagcaagtcggacaagaaaacccgtctggttcatacc
>non-promoter squence 786
ctgccgtaccgtaaaatcatcctttgcactggcgacatgggctttggcgcttgcaaaacttacgacctggaagtatggatc
>non-promoter squence 787
ctgatccgtatgcaccagttcgacaaagttgaaatggtgcagatcgtgcgcccagaagactcaatggcggcgctggaagag
>non-promoter squence 788
gcagagaaatttgacgttgagtacgacggatggggcacttactttgaagatcctaacggcgaagatggcgacgatgaagat
>non-promoter squence 789
ccgctgactaacctggtgcgcggtgaaatcatcgatgaagatgatctgccaattaagatgaccgcccacaccccatgcttc
>non-promoter squence 790
caggacacgctgtacggtacgggtcaactgccgaaatttgctggcgatctgttccatactcgtccgctggaagaagaagca
>non-promoter squence 791
cgctttgtggtaatgaaagggcagattgctcgcatgcaccgcgcactgtcgcagtttatgctggatctgcataccgaacag
>non-promoter squence 792
gttgaagtcagccgctggggtaccccgcgtgagtttgactttgaagttcgtgaccacgtgacgctgggtgaaatgcactct
>non-promoter squence 793
gagctggatgcagcaaaagccgagctggatgctttacaggctgaaattcgcgatatcgcgctgaccatccctaacctgcct
>non-promoter squence 794
caggtcaaaacggaaaacctgcaagcggagcgtaactcccgatcgaaatccattggccaggcgaaagcgcgcggggaagat
>non-promoter squence 795
cagcggacatctgaagagttgcatcattattacgagattgtctgggacgaagagcagacgcacaaattcaagaatatctcc
>non-promoter squence 796
aagattgatcgcccggaagagtatgccgatattgccactaagtgtgtgaccaacttccgtgagaagaatcgcgatcgttgc
>non-promoter squence 797
cgtccgctaatttgcggcgttggcttgggcggatactgggcggaacggattggttttctttgcgacatccgccaggtgatc
>non-promoter squence 798
cagcgcggtgaagagattctggcgaactggtcaaccttcgccactaaatttgcgctggttaaaccgaagtccagtgatgta
>non-promoter squence 799
accggcgttaacttcggtgcgggcatgaccggcggtttcgcttacgttctcgatgaaagcggcgatttccgcaaacgcgtt
>non-promoter squence 800
gaagcaagcattatcggcaacacctgcctgtatggcgcgaccggtggtcgtctgtatgccgcaggccgcgcgggtgaacgt
>non-promoter squence 801
ctggcagccgatcctatcaaagcgtacttcaacggcaccgcaggccagagcttcggcgtgtggaacgcgggcggcgtggaa
>non-promoter squence 802
tgcaccgaaaacaacccgccgtttgataacggcctgctgaacgcgcagttgctgcaacaggcgaaaccgtttgtcgatgag
>non-promoter squence 803
gagtttatcgcccgtgaaacccgcgagctgatggcacagcttggcgtaacacgtctggtggatctgattggtcgcaccgac
>non-promoter squence 804
aaggcggcgattctcggcgcagaaagcttcggcttcggcactggcccgatggtggcgctcggctgtaaatatctacgtatt
>non-promoter squence 805
atcaccatcgcaggctatgacggcggcaccggcgcaagtccgctttcatcggtgaaatacgcaggctgtccgtgggagctg
>non-promoter squence 806
cccggagtgacgctgatctccccgccgccgcaccacgatatctactctatcgaggacttagcgcagctcattttcgacctc
>non-promoter squence 807
accaacaaagtgtcgcgcatcaagcaggtggcttccggtcgctttggggttactccggcgtatctggtcaatgccgacgtc
>non-promoter squence 808
aacgcggtcaacattgctgatgttgaaccggcaagcgaactgtttaaacgctttgataccgccgcgatgtctatcggcgcg
>non-promoter squence 809
ggcggtctgctgaaatacgtccacggcggcgaataccacgcctacaacccggacgtggtgcgcacgctgcaacaagcggta
>non-promoter squence 810
accatcgcctcttaccgctgctcgaaactgtttgaagcggtcggtctacacgatgatgtagtgggcctgtgcttccagggg
>non-promoter squence 811
cacttcgccgtgttgctgggcttcggcgcgacggctatttatccataccttgcctatgaaacgctgggccgcctggtagac
>non-promoter squence 812
gaaaaaatggtacgtagcggcaccgtgctgctggtgctctccgaccggaatatcgctaaagatcgcctgccggttccagcc
>non-promoter squence 813
tgcgaagcagagggccaggcgcaccgtttaagctttaaatcgccgattctgctctactccgatttcaaacagctcacgacg
>non-promoter squence 814
gaagcggtcggttcgatgggcgatgataccccattcgccgtgctctccagtcagccgcgcattatttacgactacttccgc
>non-promoter squence 815
ccatataaagagtggatggagaaaaacgtccgccgactggtaccgtttgaagatctgcccgatgaagaagtgggtagccgc
>non-promoter squence 816
tacgtcatcaccaaagataagctcatcacctgcgcctctgaagtcggtatctgggattaccagcctgacgaagtggtcgaa
>non-promoter squence 817
atgcgtctattagtaccacccgcctggcagaacaacccggatatggacccggaactgcgtgccttctttgactttaactcc
>non-promoter squence 818
atcaacaccatcaccggtaaccgccaatgggcgcgtgcgcgtacttataaattccagacaccgcttatccctgacctgcac
>non-promoter squence 819
aatctggtgaacatctataaaggtctgtgtatgccgacggatctgccgcgcttttatctggatcttgcggacctgcgtctg
>non-promoter squence 820
actaacgaaggcgtgctgggtgaaatcgccctctcctctctgccacgcattgagcaaatttttgtgaacgccccggcaggc
>non-promoter squence 821
aaaccggatcgcttttttcgcatcgttgcgcaggagcgcggctggcgtttagcaaaaaactacgctgtcgggatgctcttc
>non-promoter squence 822
gacgatctggaaaccctggaaaaagcagcagttgaagcgtttaaactcggttacgaagtgaccgatccagaagagctggaa
>non-promoter squence 823
gagaacgtgaagaaattcgtccaggcttatcagtctgacgaagtttacgaagcagcaaacaaagtgtttaacggcggagct
>non-promoter squence 824
atcaataccacctatgccagccagattggcctgactccggcgaaagacggtatctttgttgaagataaagagtccccgtac
>non-promoter squence 825
aaccttggtcgttcactgctgctgctgcaaaaagtgggcttgatcaaactgaaagatggcgttggcctgctgccgaccgtt
>non-promoter squence 826
atcgacgccaacgccttccagcataaaccgtaccttgatcagcaactgaaagatcgtggctacaaactggtcgcagtaggc
>non-promoter squence 827
gccgaacagcaggttgcagaagtcgcgcagaaagttgcgaaagacaaatatggcctggacgttgagctggtaaccttcaac
>non-promoter squence 828
acccgactggactacctgaccaaagttgaaagcaaagtgtttggtgaaggagaccgtaacttcggctgtagccaaatcgaa
>non-promoter squence 829
taccacctcggggattacgatcaggacgataaccttagagggatgatcacaggagcctggtacagcgccctgagactggag
>non-promoter squence 830
ggggtgatatcccggatgcgtgaatccctcagagctaagctggaggctgaccgtacccgtaaggtgcgtgaggataaacgc
>non-promoter squence 831
ttccatattgaaggtatcgcgttaagcaatattcgcaaagccgcgttatctatgcgcgcaggtggtgtaggatattatcca
>non-promoter squence 832
ataaagtccatcgacccaggattattcgaccagttgtatcgcctgcaagggttgttaggcacgcgcaaaccggtgcaactc
>non-promoter squence 833
acactcaataatcttcataccggagagtcaatcaaagcggagtttttcgatggcagaggctatattcaggaagaattggca
>non-promoter squence 834
gagcagttgcgtgacgtgacgcaatggcaaaaaagttcatcgttgaagctattgagtagtagcaactcacgttcccagtag
>non-promoter squence 835
atgcatcgccttgtcaccgcagaaaattttgatgaaaacgctgtgcgcgcacaggcagaaaaaatggcgaatgagcaaatt
>non-promoter squence 836
acgcagagccatatgttcgacggcataagtttaaccgaacatcagcgtcagcagatgcgagatcttatgcaacaggcccgg
>non-promoter squence 837
gcgttcaaagccctatgtacagaactcaatgcacaaggcagtattaacgtcgtcaattattcccaacatgatgaacaggat
>non-promoter squence 838
atgaacattgcggagctggtgtcgcgcacgcaacctgctgaaaatgaacgggctgcgcagttgcatattcagataaccgcc
>non-promoter squence 839
atgaagcgcacgacggcgcgtccgcgtccgccaatgccagcatctgtctgggttcaggtcgatgtggcagactccccgcat
>non-promoter squence 840
ctggcgatgctgggagaagagttcacgtttattatgctgctttccggttcatggaatgccattactctgattgaatcaacg
>non-promoter squence 841
aagaaactgggcgcagcgggcgtagtggttgctggttctggtgttcaggcgattttcggtactaaatccgataacctgaaa
>non-promoter squence 842
atggcaccggctctggttgctgcatttggtggtaaagaaaacattactaacctcgacgcatgtattacccgtctgcgcgtc
>non-promoter squence 843
ggtatcggttatgcgattgtttactacaccatcttccgcgtgctgattaaagcactggatctgaaaacgccgggtcgtgaa
>non-promoter squence 844
ctggcattcccaatctgtattcttctggggatgcgtgacggtacgtcgttctcgcacggtctgatcgacttcatcgttctg
>non-promoter squence 845
ggcggtattatgatctccgcggcgctgacctcgttcctgaccggtatcaccgagccgatcgagttctccttcatgttcgtt
>non-promoter squence 846
atggcgggtgacccgactgcgggtaaactgtctggtggcttcctgttcaaaatgtacggtctgccagctgccgcaattgct
>non-promoter squence 847
accttctctcagtgggctgcttaccagaacccggtagttgcgtttggcatttacggtttcatcgaacgttgcctggtaccg
>non-promoter squence 848
gggattatctccggtgcgatcgcagcgtacatgtttaaccgtttctaccgtattaagctgcctgagtatcttggcttcttt
>non-promoter squence 849
gccgcagttgttgcctatggcatcatggttaaaaccatggccgtggttgcgccactggtactgcatttacctgctgaagaa
>non-promoter squence 850
cccgccgttgtatcgcatgttatggcagaagcaggcggttccgtctttgcaaacatgccactgatttttgcgatcggtgtc
>non-promoter squence 851
aagcatgagtttgtgactctggaaggtatggaaaaagcggtgcaggtgatcgtccgtattgccgagttaacggcgcaacgg
>non-promoter squence 852
aatatgcgcgagaaagtggttgagcatccgcatattctcgatatcgcccagcaggcgatgcgcgattgcgatattgaaccg
>non-promoter squence 853
tatcatctggcgagcatgaaaggcaccgttgaacgggccgatatgcactacatcatccgtgatttcgaccgtaaacagttt
>non-promoter squence 854
aatgttcatccgggcacggcgaaaggagtgatggtaaatgcgctgtcgctggcggcacgtattcatgcggaagttccggcg
>non-promoter squence 855
ccgcatggtgatattcgcgtcgcctttaccccggatgaagaagtgggcaaaggggcgaaacattttgatgttgacgccttc
>non-promoter squence 856
ggcgatattgcgctgggtatcggcgatgaagttttatcaccggttatgttcccggtgctgcatcagctactgggtcagacg
>non-promoter squence 857
acgttaccggctaacgtccctggcgatatcccggcgattggctttatttctcatgtggatacctcaccggattgcagcggc
>non-promoter squence 858
tccgtcgggcaacattaccccggttttgaaacggatattcacggcgcgaaacaggacgaagacggcgtttaccgcgtacga
>non-promoter squence 859
catcaggcatggcaacgacaaattaaaggcgaagtagaaaccattgcgctggaacaactggtcggtagagtatcggcaaat
>non-promoter squence 860
taccgcaatatgcgtattcaggatctggcacaagggatccataagctgattcgtaaacacgatcttcccggtttgatgttg
>non-promoter squence 861
atcgataaaaccaaagcaatgggattattgcgtgggttgacggaattcaaacgctcttacgatctcaacctgcggatcaaa
>non-promoter squence 862
gccgatcatatgtttctcgatccggttaaagtcactattttgacaccggggatggacgagcagggcaatatgagcgaggag
>non-promoter squence 863
cggctgcgggaagagtctgacggttggtttttcgatatctggcaaccgccgcaggtggatgaagccgaatgctggcccgtt
>non-promoter squence 864
aaaggcgagtatgacgaagaggcctttaacgaagcctttatgatgcataccaccacctcgcccagttatcccattgttgct
>non-promoter squence 865
acgctggatgtcccgtcgattcacttcgattctgcctgggtgccgtacacccattttcatccgatctaccagggtaaaagt
>non-promoter squence 866
tggctgaaaccgacgcgtaatgcgttggggattcttggtgggatcccgcgccgtgaatttactcgcgacagcatcgaagag
>non-promoter squence 867
tcgacgtcgaacaaaattgtgggtatgtacgccgcgccatccggcagtacgctgttgatcgaccgcaattgtcataaatcg
>non-promoter squence 868
agcccggttggctgtctgttttatgattttttcggcgggaatactcttaaggctgatgtctctatttcggtcaccgagctt
>non-promoter squence 869
tggttttttgaatatgcgctggggcaggcggaagatatcgccattcgtatgcgtcagtacaccgacgaatatcttgataac
>non-promoter squence 870
gatttgctgaaatttatcgagcataaccctcgaatttgcggcgtgatttttgactgggatgagtacagtctcgatttatgt
>non-promoter squence 871
agggcggatgcacgcgcgcggttgcgttttggcgcgacgtggcgtgtctctccgagcgatcgtttattaaacgatctccgt
>non-promoter squence 872
ggtgggcttaaaatgaccgctcgcgaagtgatggatattgacgaagcccgggaaaaatatgctcgcgggcttgctatctcg
>non-promoter squence 873
gaccgttccgggcggctggaagtgatgttgtttactgacgccctggataaataccagcaattgctggaaaaagaccgcata
>non-promoter squence 874
aggctgaaagacatgcacccgacagaacgtggtaaagtcatcacggctgcggggctcgttgttgccgcgcgggttatggtc
>non-promoter squence 875
gccgatatgttcggcgtgctggccgaagagccggaacaaattgaacaatcctacgccagctgccaaccgtggccggagcag
>non-promoter squence 876
gaactgtttgatctctgcgcccgtaccgacaccaaaaagttgaaccgtcgcgtgctggaaaaactgatcatgtccggggcg
>non-promoter squence 877
gtggatgagtgctggcggatggggctgaaaatcctgccaccagatataaactccggtctttaccatttccacgtcaacgac
>non-promoter squence 878
tctgcggcctatgctttggtgtcatatcaaacgttatggctgaaagcgcactatcctgcggagtttatggcggcggtaatg
>non-promoter squence 879
accctcggtggcgcggatatgctgcgtcgtgcgatgggtaagaaaaagccggaagagatggctaagcaacgttctgtattt
>non-promoter squence 880
ggtccgttgcaatcagggatggtggataactttatcgaccgtaaacatggtcgtgaagagatctcctatccggacgtacag
>non-promoter squence 881
gagccgccgctggatatcgctgcgatcccgctggatgataagaaaagcttcgacatgctgcaacgctcggaaaccacggcg
>non-promoter squence 882
tttgataaaagcgacgttgaatacgccggactggtgaagttcgacttccttggtttgcgtacgctcaccatcatcaactgg
>non-promoter squence 883
ctgccggaaatctacgaagcggatgaagaagttaaggcgctgatcgacatggcgcgcaaactggaaggggtcacccgtaac
>non-promoter squence 884
atgtacggtcgtgatgcggtatcgcagatcatcaccttcggtacaatggcggcgaaagcggtgatccgcgacgtaggccgc
>non-promoter squence 885
ggccgtggctccggtgcgggttcactggtggcctacgcgctgaaaatcaccgacctcgatccgctggaatttgacctgctg
>non-promoter squence 886
tatgacgaacgtctggagactgaacttcaggttatcaaccagatgggcttcccgggctacttcctcatcgttatggaattt
>non-promoter squence 887
gttgagatcgccaaacgctgtaacgtaaccgtgcgtcttggtgaatacttcctgccgcagttcccgaccggggacatgagc
>non-promoter squence 888
gacgtgcgctttatcgacagcagcgactttgacgcacacgaaatccgcgtcgcgatccacgacggctttaccctcgacgat
>non-promoter squence 889
cgcagtcttttgcgtggtaacagcgcgctggtagatgagtgtgtcgcgttttatgaagaacacttcccggatcgctatttt
>non-promoter squence 890
ttaacccacctgacggtactggcggcgaacaataccggctatcagaatctgacgttgctgatctcaaaagcgtatcagcgc
>non-promoter squence 891
atcaccgatttcaccaacctttgtggtctggtgaagttctacggagcgggacatggcgcagggattaagcctatcgtcggg
>non-promoter squence 892
gagcaaaccaactacgtgcagggcgcgaacattgccggttttgtgaaggttgccgatgcgatgctggcgcagggtgtgatt
>non-promoter squence 893
caggcaggcgtactatttgcaccgggtaaagcggctaatgctggtggcgtcgctacatcgggcctggaaatggcacaaaac
>non-promoter squence 894
tgcgccacccagaatgaactggatgttgacgccgcgcatcagcttatcgctaatggcgttaaagccgtcgccgaaggggca
>non-promoter squence 895
gcgtcagactccagcggcactgtagttgatgaaagcggattcacgaaagagaaactggcacgtcttatcgaaatcaaagcc
>non-promoter squence 896
gcaatgctaaaacgccacggtatgggttttgaagggatgcgcgtttccgtttctggctccggcaacgtcgcccagtacgct
>non-promoter squence 897
gggatgatgaaaaagctctccaacaataccgcctgcgtcttcaccggtaagggcctttcatttggcggcagtcttattcgc
>non-promoter squence 898
ggtgaagtgatgcgtttttgccaggcgctgatgactgaactgtatcgccacctgggcgcggataccgacgttccggcaggt
>non-promoter squence 899
cgtgtgcagttcagctctgccatcggcccgtacaaaggcggtatgcgcttccatccgtcagttaacctttccattctcaaa
>non-promoter squence 900
caaaatccaaaatatcgccagatgtcattactggagcgtctggttgaaccggagcgcgtgatccagtttcgcgtggtatgg
>non-promoter squence 901
ttcctgtggcagcacaaccaggatccaatggcagtagataaactggcggaaggtatccgtaagtttgctattgaccaggaa
>non-promoter squence 902
gtggttatgggcgcaagcttccgtaacatcggcgaaattctggaactggcaggctgcgaccgtctgaccatcgcaccggca
>non-promoter squence 903
cgtattcttgactggtacaaagcgaataccgataagaaagagtacgctccggcagaagatccgggcgtggtttctgtatct
>non-promoter squence 904
gatgctggtattagcaacgatcgtattctgatcaaactggcttctacctggcagggtatccgtgctgcagaacagctggaa
>non-promoter squence 905
attggtctggaaatcctgaaactggttccgggccgtatctcaactgaagttgatgcgcgtctttcctatgacaccgaagcg
>non-promoter squence 906
aacgcagcgcagattccggaataccgtaagttgattgatgatgctgtcgcctgggcgaaacagcagagcaacgatcgcgcg
>non-promoter squence 907
cagatccaattgatggtctgtgcggtgctggcgcgtcgatacaaacgccagaccgaacagttacaggcgcagcaggaaagc
>non-promoter squence 908
gctatcgtgattgtagttaacgtctttatggcacgccgactgagcttcaataaggcagatgaaattactatcgtcttttgt
>non-promoter squence 909
tcccggccgtggattggtgactgggtgtcgcgcaataaaaaatggattgcgaaaactgaccagacgtccattctgttggtg
>non-promoter squence 910
atggcgggcggtaacgtcgcggcagcggtttgttctgcgtcggcatccagcctgctggggattttcctttcaccattgctg
>non-promoter squence 911
ggcggtggtcactggcgactgcatttgtgggtaatgtgcagcaccttcgtgctgtttccgattctgggtgtactgtttgcc
>non-promoter squence 912
tggatcctgcgcaaaatcattcacccgatgggcgaaatcgatgcaatggaattcctcattaataaactggcaatgaccaag
>non-promoter squence 913
atcgataccggttctaaaatggacgaagttatctacgaagagtttaaaggtacaggcaacatggaactgcacctctctcgt
>non-promoter squence 914
atcattctgctcgactccatcactcgtctggcgcgcgcttacaacaccgttgttccggcgtcaggtaaagtgttgaccggt
>non-promoter squence 915
gattgtgtgctgatggttctgctgatcgacgaacgtccggaagaagtaaccgagatgcagcgtctggtaaaaggtgaagtt
>non-promoter squence 916
gcaaactctcgtctgcgtatggaacgtggtaacggttctactgaagatttaactgctcgcgtactggatctggcatcacct
>non-promoter squence 917
gtttcccctagccaaatccgccgtttcaacctccgcactggtgataccatctctggtaagattcgcccgccgaaagaaggt
>non-promoter squence 918
cagcacgcaaagagtggcgaagatatctttggtgatggcgtactggagatattgcaggatggatttggtttcctccgttcc
>non-promoter squence 919
caactgggggtgattaatgagcaagcggcagtactggcacgggatgccgggttaaatgtggtgatggatcgctgcccggct
>non-promoter squence 920
tatcacgtcattccggtttcgccaaaagttgccggcaaaacgctgctgggccagaaggggtatggcacgctggcagacgtt
>non-promoter squence 921
cgctacacccagcagcaacgtctgcgcacagcgatcgcccatcacggtcgcaagcataaagaagatatggaagcgcgccac
>non-promoter squence 922
gtaccgcacgaagcgcgtcaggttagcggaatggaatacactctgtgtaactccttcggcttcggtggcactaatggttct
>non-promoter squence 923
cacctgttaggtgcggcgggtgcagtagaatctatctactccatcctggcgctgcgcgatcaggctgttccgccaaccatc
>non-promoter squence 924
gttaacgcgcacggtacttctacgccggctggcgataaagctgaagcgcaggcggtgaaaaccatcttcggtgaagctgca
>non-promoter squence 925
tttggtatgagcagcgatgcttatcatatgacgtcaccgccagaaaatggcgcaggcgcagctctggcgatggcaaatgct
>non-promoter squence 926
cgcccgtgggataaagagcgtgatggtttcgtactgggcgatggtgccggtatgctggtacttgaagagtacgaacacgcg
>non-promoter squence 927
gcgactgcctgtacttccggcgtgcacaacattggccatgctgcgcgtattatcgcgtatggcgatgctgacgtgatggtt
>non-promoter squence 928
attggtgccgcaattggctccgggattggcggcctcggactgatcgaagaaaaccacacatctctgatgaacggtggtcca
>non-promoter squence 929
ttcgatactagcgcctatgcaacgaaatttgctggcttagtaaaggattttaactgtgaggacattatctcgcgcaaagaa
>non-promoter squence 930
gttaaccgcacccagcaagagatcccgaatgctgagacgatgaaacaaaccgaaagccatgcggtgaaaatcgtggtggaa
>non-promoter squence 931
aaaggttctatggaagagtggcaggcgatgggcgtaatgaactatgaaatggaatctgcaaccctgctgaccatgtgtgca
>non-promoter squence 932
gttgaagctgcgaaatccattggcgcgacaactcacgttggcgtgacagcttcttctgataccttctacccaggtcaggaa
>non-promoter squence 933
ctggcacagctgggcattcgcaccttcctgcgtatcggtacaacgggcgctattcagccgcatattaatgtgggtgatgtc
>non-promoter squence 934
ccggttaagctggcatctcaccgcgaattcactacctggcgtgcagagctggatggtaaacctgttatcgtctgctctacc
>non-promoter squence 935
gatgcccacgagaagtttgttaaagacttcgtggcggcatgggtgaaagtgatgaacctcgaccgtttcgacctgctgtaa
>non-promoter squence 936
gagctgttcgaaggccgtgaccgtgaaaccggcgaagtgaaatttacggccagccgtgcggatctggtgtttggttctaac
>non-promoter squence 937
gccaacttcgatggcagcaaaaacggcgtcttcactgaccgcgttggcgtattgagcaatgacttcttcgtgaacttgctg
>non-promoter squence 938
aactatcgcgctcgtctggacgtttccaccaccgagtcactgctgatcgacaaagcacagcaactgacgctgaccgcgccg
>non-promoter squence 939
gcaagcgccgcaggtttgagcattcatgtaccgtttgcgccgggtcgcgttgatgcgcgtcaggatcagactgacattgag
>non-promoter squence 940
ggcgacaaacgcggtggtgccaacggtgcgcgtctggcattaatgccgcagcgcgactgggatgtgaacgccgcagccgtt
>non-promoter squence 941
ccgatctacaacccgaccgagcaggacattatcgatctgaaattcgcgattgcggattctggtctgtctgttagtgagctg
>non-promoter squence 942
cgttttgatcctgagttcgagaagatctctcgtcgtttcctcaacgatccgcaggcgttcaacgaagcctttgcccgtgcc
>non-promoter squence 943
acgccgacccagtggagcaactatttcttcgagaacctgttcaagtatgagtgggtacagacccgcagcccggctggcgca
>non-promoter squence 944
gcgctgattgcgggtggtcatacgctgggtaaaacccacggtgccggtccgacatcaaatgtaggtcctgatccagaagct
>non-promoter squence 945
aaagcctggctgactcaccgtcatccggaagcgctggcgaaagcaccgctgggtgcaaccgagatgggtctgatttacgtt
>non-promoter squence 946
gacctgtttatcctcgcgggtaacgtggcgctagaaaactccggcttccgtaccttcggttttggtgccggtcgtgaagac
>non-promoter squence 947
ggtcgtggtcagcaacgttttgcaccgctgaactcctggccggataacgtaagcctcgataaagcgcgtcgcctgttgtgg
>non-promoter squence 948
ctgttgacagaatctcaaccgtggtggccagccgactggggcagttacgccggtctgtttattcgtatggcctggcacggc
>non-promoter squence 949
cttcgtgttgacctgttaaaccaacattctaatcgttctaacccactgggtgaggactttgactaccgcaaagaattcagc
>non-promoter squence 950
ctgttctcgattaagacggcacttgcggcattgaaagatccgaagccaacggcgaaagaaacgccgtatgaaccaatgccg
>non-promoter squence 951
gcgtttagcccggatgcgaaagtcggcttcctggccattgctaataagttccaggcaatgatcgacagcggcaatattccg
>non-promoter squence 952
atggcgctgatgctctgtgccgtggtgttgttcaagatgaaacgtcaacgttacgcctgggtggcgctggtaccaacggcc
>non-promoter squence 953
gcaacagcgctgtgcgtactggcgtggggctacttcctccatcagggcgtggtcgatccgctgggcggcattaacactctg
>non-promoter squence 954
gcgctgggcggcatgatggatgtggcgttctggtatcacttcgccattttgtttgaagcactgtttattctgacggcggtg
>non-promoter squence 955
gctccggcagggacggcggatgtggtcgcttctgccgcgcaggtggtgagtagctggggctttagcattacaccagatacg
>non-promoter squence 956
tgctttatcggctacggtgggatgttaatggaatccttcgtggcgattatggcgctggtttccgcctgtatcatcgatccg
>non-promoter squence 957
atgcgcccgacgctgaccatgcctgcgctgaccaaatttgtcgatggcactggcccggtatggaccggtaacctgttcccg
>non-promoter squence 958
gtgggttacggttttgtggcggcggtgctgccggtgtggttactgctggccccgcgtgactacctctctaccttcctgaaa
>non-promoter squence 959
ccgctggcgctgtttatggggatctacctgcgctatctgcgtccggggcgtattggcgaagtgtcggtcatcggtctggta
>non-promoter squence 960
cgccgtgacggtcgctcgctgggtgagctggtcaaagaagagatggggccaaccgccggggtgattgcgctggtggcctgc
>non-promoter squence 961
ccgctggtggggccggtactggcggcgcaaatgggctacctgccggggatgatctggctgctcgctggggtggttctcgcc
>non-promoter squence 962
ctggcggttgacccgacgcgtatgacgccagcggtgcgccataacgacgggctggactatgtgccgacggacaagaaagtg
>non-promoter squence 963
ccggaagatcagaaaaaagcgatggtgcagggtatcacccagaacaacgcacaaatcgtctttgaagctctgatgagtaac
>non-promoter squence 964
gctgccggtctgaaatttggcgagccgaaaaccttaagccgttccggtcgtgacccgattagccaggcggcgtttgcactg
>non-promoter squence 965
gaccgcgcattcgtgctgcgcatcagcgagcacaaaccggaagcggtgaaaccgttggcagatgttcaggaacaagttaag
>non-promoter squence 966
aaagataacctgccggaagagttgaacttcaagccggttgccgacgctatctttaacggcggtctggtaggtgaaaacggc
>non-promoter squence 967
gtgaaatcgttagacgaagtacgtgacgacattgcggcgaaagtgaaacacgaaaaagccctcgatgcgtactacgcgctg
>non-promoter squence 968
gccactatcccggacgaactgaaaaatgctggtctgaaagaaaaaggccaactgtctggtgtcatcaaatcttcggtcggt
>non-promoter squence 969
gaagcgaaagcggtacttgatgagctgaataaaggcggtgattttgctgcattagccaaagaaaaatctgccgatattatc
>non-promoter squence 970
gcaacgatgcagcaaccggttagcgatgcggatatccagagctactacgaccagcatcaggatcaattcacccagccgcag
>non-promoter squence 971
gacgagctggcggcactggtcgcgcaacaacgcgtggtgcgtgaggcgactatcgatgttaacgcgctggcggcgaagcag
>non-promoter squence 972
atcctcaaccagatggggatgaccgccgatcagtacgcccaggcgctgcgtaaccagctcactacccaacagctgattaac
>non-promoter squence 973
gaaggctatatgaaaaccctgcgtcaacaggtgctgaatcgtctgatcgacgaggcgctgctggatcagtacgcacgtgag
>non-promoter squence 974
tacgccgcaaaagtgaatgaccaggaaatcagccgtgggcaattcgagaacgccttcaacagcgagcgtaatcgcatgcag
>non-promoter squence 975
ccgattgccgaccgctggcgcgaggcggcaaaactgattggtgtggatattctcaccatgcctggtgtggcaggacacgcc
>non-promoter squence 976
ccgtctgacgtattggtggctctgggttatgcctcctgggagaaaggtcaactggaacaagaaattctcgataacgcgtgg
>non-promoter squence 977
gatcgcgggtttattttgcatactccgccctccaattttgcttccagcattcgcatttcagacaacacggtaatgaccact
>non-promoter squence 978
aagccgctggaaaatctcaaaattgaagggattctggaaaagctgaagatcacgccggagccgcgtgatgaatcaatccgt
>non-promoter squence 979
cacccaggtgaagtttgcccggctaaatggaaagaaggtgaagcaactctggctccgtctctggacctggttggtaaaatc
>non-promoter squence 980
gcgaccttcgttgttgacccgcagggtatcatccaggcaatcgaagttaccgctgaaggcattggccgtgacgcgtctgac
>non-promoter squence 981
gcatggcacagcagctctgaaaccatcgctaaaatcaaatatgcgatgatcggcgacccgactggcgccctgacccgtaac
>non-promoter squence 982
gctgactttactttcgtatgcccgaccgaactgggtgacgttgctgaccactacgaagaactgcagaaactgggcgtagac
>non-promoter squence 983
gcccgtgttggcgggcatgaacaggtgtgcgaccgttactggtgggttcgccactatgacaaacgttgccgccgtagcgat
>non-promoter squence 984
tttaaaactcttgctgaaggtcagcgcgtagagttcgaaatcactaacggtgccaaaggcccttctgctgcaaacgtaatc
>non-promoter squence 985
cagcaggccattggcctgaacatggaacaaatcaaggccgagaagcaggacttcatcaaaacggtgatcccgcagtgggaa
>non-promoter squence 986
atgctcggtacggcgatggataaagcggcggatgcacgcaccaaactggcgcgcctgctggcgaccaaaggcatcacccat
>non-promoter squence 987
atcaaggttgaagatcaactggttcacgctcacttcgaagcgaaagcagcgctggatgcaggcgcgacggaagctgaaatg
>non-promoter squence 988
acctgtatcgactgccatatgccaaaagtgcagaacgccgaaggcaaactctacaccgaccataaaattggtaatccgttt
>non-promoter squence 989
tattacgacaaaattgccttctctgactggactaactccctgtcgaaaacgccaatgctgaaagcgcagcacccggaatat
>non-promoter squence 990
cgtttcgaccagcaatcgatggtttgcggtcagtgccatgtggagtattacttcgacggcaaaaacaaagcggttaaattc
>non-promoter squence 991
gccgattgccataacaccgcctctccagagttcgccaaaggcaaaccggagttaaccctttcccgtccgtatgcggctcgc
>non-promoter squence 992
gtgcgtgaaaccctgcgtaccggtgcgccgaaaaacgctgaagatggtccgctaccgatggcatgctggagttgtaaaagc
>non-promoter squence 993
aagaatgaaacctttgccccgcagcatcccgatcaatatctctcctggaaagccacctcggaacagtcagagcgtgttgac
>non-promoter squence 994
aaccattttgtgctggcaaatcagtggctggaacaacgtggcgagacgccgattgactggatgccagtattaccggcagag
>non-promoter squence 995
tttttgttgtggggatcgcatgcgcaaaagaaaggggcgattatagataagcaacgccatcatgtactgaaagcaccgcat
>non-promoter squence 996
ctactcaatactgtgttgacggtacgcgcaggtcaggcgcattcccacgccagcctcggctgggaaaccttcaccgataaa
>non-promoter squence 997
cccggcattgccattcctccgtcattattgaatatgtataaagagctggaaaatactattccgggcttcacccgccctaat
>non-promoter squence 998
caaaaagatgtctttaacgcgttccgctttacagagttgggtgacgttaaagtggtgattctcggccaggatccttatcac
>non-promoter squence 999
gttttggataaattcacaccagatttacccggttatcacctgtactatccacaccgtcgacatgctggctcggcattctca
>non-promoter squence 1000
ggtacagcaaatcgctggagattaatacgcggtggacgtgaagttcgtgttcgcatggaaggtcagcttttactgaatacg
>non-promoter squence 1001
tttgatgcaggcgtccgtctgggtggggagatggataaagatatgatcgccattcgaatcgggccagatataccaatggct
>non-promoter squence 1002
gccctgacatccctgagcgatctgcagaaccgcccatccgggacaatacgtattactactgtagaacatgcagcaaaaacg
>non-promoter squence 1003
cgtatagaagaacgattgggattgcggcttctgacacgaaccacgcgcagcgttgtacccactgaagcgggcgagcatctt
>non-promoter squence 1004
gacaccaccctgaacggcggctttgccaccgcgatggcgctgaatgccgatgcgactgaaaaagtaatttcggtgcaggaa
>non-promoter squence 1005
ctgggcgaagcaggtatcaacccgcgtctggtaaacaaggtgcatgaaggccgtccgcacattcaggaccgtatcaagaat
>non-promoter squence 1006
aaacacggtcgtgcgctgctttccgtgcgcgaaggcgataaagaacgcgtggtggacctggcggcaaaactgctgaaacag
>non-promoter squence 1007
ccgggcgttgacccgctgttagggccagaaatgcgctctaccggggaagtcatgggcgtgggccgcaccttcgctgaagcg
>non-promoter squence 1008
ctggcaaaagtggcggcgcgcgtgatggctggcaaatcgctggctgagcagggcgtaaccaaagaagttatcccgccgtac
>non-promoter squence 1009
ttaagtcaggaaattcaggatgtgatgcgccagcaggtgcagaaactggccttcgaattgcaggtgcgcggcctgatgaac
>non-promoter squence 1010
gcggtcagcgtgtctaacgatgcgccagtgttgctggaccacttcctcgatgacgcggtagaagttgacgtggatgccatc
>non-promoter squence 1011
gcggttgagcgtctgaaactgaaacaaccggcgaacgccaccgttaccgctattgaaatggcggtagagaaggcgaaagag
>non-promoter squence 1012
gtaactctggaagatgtgctggaaatcgtgcgtatcgagaagccgaaaggcgttatcgtccagtacggcggtcagaccccg
>non-promoter squence 1013
aaaatcatggtgcttggcggcggcccgaaccgtatcggtcagggtatcgaattcgactactgttgcgtacacgcctcgctg
>non-promoter squence 1014
cgcttggcaaaactggcgggcgtacgcgaagcggaaatccgtaagctgcgtgaccagtatgacctgcacccggtttataag
>non-promoter squence 1015
gatgcgttccgtgcgggcctgtctgtggacggcgtcttcaacctgaccaacattgaccgctggttcctggtacagattgaa
>non-promoter squence 1016
ggcctggaagtcggtgcgactggattcgacccgaaagtgagcctggatgacccggaagcgttaaccaaaatccgtcgcgaa
>non-promoter squence 1017
ggcggacgtactccggcctccttcgagccgtccatcgactatgtggttactaaaattcctcgcttcaacttcgaaaaattc
>non-promoter squence 1018
aacccacgcgtgtcccgttcttcggcgctggcgtcgaaagcgaccggtttcccgattgctaaagtggcggcgaaactggcg
>non-promoter squence 1019
ggcatccacaccggtgactccatcactgtcgcgccagcccaaacgctgaccgacaaagaatatcaaatcatgcgtaacgcc
>non-promoter squence 1020
atcgcttataaccgtgaagagtttgaagaaatttgcgcccgcggtctggatctctctccgaccaaagagttgctgattgat
>non-promoter squence 1021
ctggaaaccgcgcgttccggtatcgcacacacgatggaagaagcgctggcggttgccgctgacgtgggcttcccgtgcatt
>non-promoter squence 1022
gagctggaacgtcagggcgtgttggaagagttcggtgtcaccatgattggtgccactgccgatgcgattgataaagcagaa
>non-promoter squence 1023
gctgatgcaacctacatcgagccgattcactgggaagttgtacgcaagattattgaaaaagagcgcccggacgcggtgctg
>non-promoter squence 1024
ctggctgacagcggcctgaatattattgcagcaaaaggtctgacggatgcagctcagcaggttgttgccgcagtggagggg
>non-promoter squence 1025
gcgttcaaaatcatcctctctgacgacaaagtgaaagccgttctggttaacatcttcggcggtatcgttcgttgcgacctg
>non-promoter squence 1026
cgtgaagcacaggctgcacagtgggaactgaactacgttgcgctggacggtaacatcggttgtatggttaacggcgcaggt
>non-promoter squence 1027
ctggtcatcaccaaacagggcgatctgatttgcctcgacggcaaactgggcgctgacggcaacgcactgttccgccagcct
>non-promoter squence 1028
cgcgagctggcgttcaaactgggtctggaaggtaaactggttcagcagttcaccaaaatcttcatgggcctggcgaccatt
>non-promoter squence 1029
gcgaccgatatcgctaaagagctgtatctcggtgccgttgttgaccgtagttcccgtcgtgtggtctttatggcctccacc
>non-promoter squence 1030
ggtccgtgggtagtgaaatgtcaggttcacgctggtggccgcggtaaagcgggcggtgtgaaagttgtaaacagcaaagaa
>non-promoter squence 1031
aaaggcgtgttcgcagcgggtgactgtacgacggttccgtacaagcagatcatcatcgccactggcgaaggtgccaaagcc
>non-promoter squence 1032
ggcagcaaagtcgttggtctggaatatcgagatcgtgtcagcggcgatattcacaacatcgaactggccggtattttcgtc
>non-promoter squence 1033
gtaacgctgctggaatttgcgccagaaatgaaagccgaccaggttctgcaggacaaactgcgcagcctgaaaaacgtcgac
>non-promoter squence 1034
gcgaccggtgcaaaatggcgcaacatgaacgttccgggcgaagatcagtatcgcaccaaaggcgtgacctactgcccgcac
>non-promoter squence 1035
gtaccgaagactgaagggcagaagctggcaggcgcactgaaagttcacgttgatgaatacgacgttgatgtgatcgacagc
>non-promoter squence 1036
aaacgtgcggcagaagagctgaacaagcgtgatgcttatgacgtattaatcgtcggttccggcccggcgggtgcagcggca
>non-promoter squence 1037
ctgatgagcgtactgaacccgcgcatcaagcacactgcaattgacggcggcaccttccagaacgaaatcaccgatcgcaac
>non-promoter squence 1038
tccccgctgggccacgagttcacctcgctggtactggcgttgctgtggaccggtggtcatccgtcgaaagaagcgcagtct
>non-promoter squence 1039
gctgaaatcgcagaactgtcagacaaagtcacctttaaagaagataacagcttgccggtgcgtaagccgtctttcctgatc
>non-promoter squence 1040
agcctggtgccgatggcggcacgtcaggcaggtatgagcttctcgcagttggtagtacgaattctggaactggcggactaa
>non-promoter squence 1041
acacagtatttctgccccgcaggtctggaagcgtcacaagaggccaatttgcaggcattagtgctgaaagcatggacgacg
>non-promoter squence 1042
aaatggctaagtgggccggagttcacggttgcgatactcggtgaagaaattttaccgtcaatacgtattcaaccgtccgga
>non-promoter squence 1043
gagtttgaaaaaggcctgagcgataagcagttagcagaaatttctgctctgggtttgccggttatcgttaagccgagccgc
>non-promoter squence 1044
ttgccttataccggaagcggagtgatggcatctgcgctttcaatggataaactacgcagcaaacttctatggcaaggtgcc
>non-promoter squence 1045
gacccgaaagaagtcgacgtgacgcaactgaagtcgatgggctttcagaaagtgtttatcgcgctacacggtcgcggcggt
>non-promoter squence 1046
ggggaaacccagcgtgaatggggacgtcccatcaaaaaagatccagatgttgtcgcgcatattgacgccatctgggatgaa
>non-promoter squence 1047
atggacccggcgcgggatactgttctggtagaaaatacgcctattgattatctggattttgcctcgcctgtctccgggctg
>non-promoter squence 1048
gtcatgatgggcgtctggtcgttcttacgccagtttatgtacactaaatttgtgatcgtttgcgatgatgacgttaacgca
>non-promoter squence 1049
gtgccgattctgcaaaaacagttcccggaaattgtcgatttttacctgccgccggaaggctgctcttatcgcctggcggta
>non-promoter squence 1050
ttcccggtatttaccgtgacgcatattacccagcgtgaagatgcgatttaccattccacctataccgggcgtccgccagat
>non-promoter squence 1051
aatgatcttgaagtgcccgccagtgcggagattgtgctggaagggtatatcgaacaaggcgaaactgcgccggaagggccg
>non-promoter squence 1052
ctgggtgccgatcccgccacgattctcggtgcagtcactcccgttccggatacgctttcagagtatgcgtttgccggattg
>non-promoter squence 1053
cagcagctgattggtaaaaacaaactgattatgcgctggctgtcgcatcgcggcggcgcgctggattatcaggagtggtgt
>non-promoter squence 1054
gatctcaatcgcattcccattatgacctgctggccggaagatgccgcgccgctgattacctgggggctgacagtgacgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1055
ccggtgctgtgcaacctgttcggtacgccaaagcgcgtggcgatgggcatggggcaggaagatgtttcggcgctgcgtgaa
>non-promoter squence 1056
tccgcgctggcttcaaccatagaaacactggccgccgccgagcgcctgaccgcccacaaaaatgccgttactttgcgtgtt
>non-promoter squence 1057
tacgcctccggcaccaaccacgttctaccgacttacggttacaccgccacctgttccagcctcgggctggcagatttccag
>non-promoter squence 1058
gcactgaacgccagccgcctgatcgtgactaaagatttagcgcagtgcgtggagatctccaaccagtacggcccggagcac
>non-promoter squence >1059
gtgattgctgacagcggcgctacgccggatttcgtggcttctgatttgctctctcaggctgaacacggcccggactcacag
>non-promoter squence 1060
gtgtttaacgtcggcggcgcacaggccattgccgcactggcgtttggtacggaatctgtgccaaaagtggacaaaatcttc
>non-promoter squence 1061
acggtattaatgctggcgactccggcgagtattgcgggctgtaaaaaagtggtgctgtgctcaccgccgccgattgccgat
>non-promoter squence 1062
gcgcaaaaactgccgccggtagatgtagaaacgcagccaggcgtgcgttgccagcaggtcacgcgtccggtagcttcagtt
>non-promoter squence 1063
accacggttaccgcgctgaaggtgtctgcagaggagatcgccgccgccagcgaacgcctgagcgacgagctaaaacaggcg
>non-promoter squence 1064
aagaaagacgcgagaaaagcgaaaaagccatcggcgaaaacgcagaaaatagctgcagcgaccaaagcgaagcgtgcggcg
>non-promoter squence 1065
gactttagcctgatctccagcgaacgcgcaccgcgcaacgtcggtaaaacggcgcgcgagaaagcgaaaaaaggcgatgca
>non-promoter squence 1066
tactatcgctttgaccaggtagggcaacgcctgatgggggaatccagcggccagacttatcgcctgggcgatcgcgtggaa
>non-promoter squence 1067
gaccaggtaggtaacgtctttaaaggcgtaatttccagcgtcactggctttggcttcttcgtccgtctggacgacttgttc
>non-promoter squence 1068
gccattaaatatctgctggcgaaagagcaggggcatcagggcaacaccactgaaaccggcggctaccattattcgatggaa
>non-promoter squence 1069
cgctcgatgaaacaggcgatttacgatccagaaaaccgtggtcactttggcctggcattgcagtcctatgcgcactttact
>non-promoter squence 1070
gcactgttccgtattcacgacaagccgagcaccgaagcgattacctctttccgttcagtgctggcggagctggggctggaa
>non-promoter squence 1071
cgtgaagaacgcggtgggatctcatttgagagcgaagaagcgaagttcattttcaacgctgaacgccgtattgaacgtatc
>non-promoter squence 1072
ctgacctacaccaaagtctggcatattctgcagggcgatcaggatctgcgcgagcagtacgccccgctggttaagcatctc
>non-promoter squence 1073
ctgtgttcgctcaacccgcaggtagaccgcctgtgtatggtgtgcgagatgacggtttcgtcgaaaggccgcctgacgggc
>non-promoter squence 1074
gatgcagtttactgcgagaaaaaacgcggcggcggctggcgtttatgggtcgcgattgccgacgtcagctactatgtgcgt
>non-promoter squence 1075
ggcatggcggttgatatcgctctgcgtacccatgaaattccgtacatctggccgcaggctgttgagcaacaggttgccggg
>non-promoter squence 1076
ggcgtcggctttgtggttcctgacgacagccgtctgagcttcgatatcttaatcccgcccgatcagatcatgggcgcgcgg
>non-promoter squence 1077
ggcgatcaggtgctggctcagccgctgggtgctgaccgtaaaggtcgtcgtgaagcgcgtattgtccgcgtactggtgcca
>non-promoter squence 1078
cgcctcgacctggtgaaaggtaccgttattggccaccgtgatggctacggctttctgcgggttgaagggcgtaaagatgat
>non-promoter squence 1079
gcggtagaactgcacattgaaggcgaagagcagcttgaaggcctgcgtcgccgcctgcgcgcgatggagcgcgatggtcaa
>non-promoter squence 1080
tctcatgtcggacaggcaccctgtgcggtgcccgtggtcgacgaggaccaacagtatgtcggcatcatttcgaaaggaatg
>non-promoter squence 1081
aaattattgcaggatgaagatcgcgaatatggctacgttatcgaacgcggtaataagtttgtcggcgcagtctccatcgat
>non-promoter squence 1082
gtccgtaccttcttccgtggcgttgatattagtcaggtattcagtgcgaaagatattgcccgccggacaccgaatggctta
>non-promoter squence 1083
accgagatgcaggatgagctggtaaaattacaggcgaaacatcagcgcaccattgtctttatttcccacgatcttgatgaa
>non-promoter squence 1084
cgccgggaaaaagcccttgatgcactgcgtcaggtcgggctggaaaattatgcccacagctacccggatgaactctctggc
>non-promoter squence 1085
cgtgaggtgcgcagaaaaaagattgcgatggtcttccagtcctttgccttaatgccgcatatgaccgtgctggacaatact
>non-promoter squence 1086
tcgcttggcgtaaaagacgccagtctggccattgaagaaggcgagatatttgtcatcatgggattatccggctcgggtaaa
>non-promoter squence 1087
ttcagcgtattccgctgtcacagcatcatgaactgcgtcagtgtatgtccgaaggggctgaacccgacgcgcgccatcggc
>non-promoter squence 1088
tctttctggtggaatcccgataagtttatcggcccggcaggcttgttagcggcatatcgtttcctgattgatagccgtgat
>non-promoter squence 1089
ctgttgaataatggacaaaatccgccagctcgcgagcatttacagatgccagagcagcgcgaaaaactcgacgggctgtat
>non-promoter squence 1090
gcactcaaccagccgggcaagaagattgtgattcgcccgctgccaggtttaccggtgatccgcgatttggtggtagacatg
>non-promoter squence 1091
cagctaaaagagaaagatcccagcctgtcgttccgccgctcctgccgtgaaggtgtgtgcggttccgacggtctgaacatg
>non-promoter squence 1092
ccggagaggagaaacggcgacatgctgaatcagcccagcacgccgcagcctgacattccgttgaaaactattgggccgtaa
>non-promoter squence 1093
ttgcagtcacagccgggggagcgaaatcccgcccggcagcaaatgctgcccaacaccaacggcgggatgttaaacagcaac
>non-promoter squence 1094
acccagatgcagactcagcaaatccagcaaaaagggatgctgaatcagcaactgaaaacgcaaactcagttgcaacagcag
>non-promoter squence 1095
gttgctctggaagaacaggctgttgaagctgtactggcgaaagcgaaagtgactgaaaaagaaaccactttcaacgagctg
>non-promoter squence 1096
aaagctgacgaagagcgcgtgaaaggcctgatcgaagagatggcttctgcgtacgaagatccgaaagaagttatcgagttc
>non-promoter squence 1097
cgtttcggtggcaacgaaaaacaagctctggaactgccgcgcgaactgttcgaagaacaggctaaacgccgcgtagttgtt
>non-promoter squence 1098
ggttccgtagaaggtctgcgcgctgaagtgcgtaaaaacatggagcgcgagctgaagagcgccatccgtaaccgcgttaag
>non-promoter squence 1099
ggtatcaaaggccacaaagctggcgaagagttcaccatcgacgtgaccttcccggaagaataccacgcagaaaacctgaaa
>non-promoter squence 1100
gaagaccgcgtaaccatcgacttcaccggttctgtagacggcgaagagttcgaaggcggtaaagcgtctgatttcgtactg
>non-promoter squence 1101
gaagcgatcgaagttgaaaaaccgatcgttgaagtgaccgacgctgacgttgacggcatgctggatactctgcgtaaacag
>non-promoter squence 1102
aaagaaaaaatcaatccggctggcgcaccgacttatgttccgggcgaatacaagctgggtgaagacttcacttactctgta
>non-promoter squence 1103
attgacggcttccgcaaaggcaaagtgccaatgaatatcgttgctcagcgttatggcgcgtctgtacgccaggacgttctg
>non-promoter squence 1104
gcagaaaccaaagtggcgatggtgaacaagtacgcgagggagaatgagcatccattgctgtgtacgctagaaaaagcctga
>non-promoter squence 1105
gagtttgttattgacgtgttacaaaaattcttttcttatgatgtagaacgtgcaacgcaattgatgctcgctgttcactac
>non-promoter squence 1106
gcaccgcaggtgactgcagaagacgcatctgccagcctggcagaactgctgaacgcaggtctgggcggttctgataacgag
>non-promoter squence 1107
tccgcggcatcgttccaggagaccactcgcgtgctgaccgaagcagccgttgcgggcaaacgcgacgaactgcgcggcctg
>non-promoter squence 1108
ctgcgtaaagctaccatcgttaacgcgggtagctccgacttcctggaaggcgaacaggttgaatactctcgcgtcaagatc
>non-promoter squence 1109
ctgcgtctgcgtggtgttcatgctgttactcgttacatcgttaacgaagtacaggacgtataccgtctgcagggcgttaag
>non-promoter squence 1110
gacggtagcgatccgtacgaagagatgattccgaaatggcgtcagctcaacgtgttcgaaggtgaacgtgtagaacgtggt
>non-promoter squence 1111
ctggcgcgtattccgcaggaatccggcggtaccaaggacatcaccggtggtctgccgcgcgttgcggacctgttcgaagca
>non-promoter squence 1112
gttctggattccgcagaacgtaccgcaggtggtaaagatctgcgtccggcactgaaaatcgttgatgctcagggtaacgac
>non-promoter squence 1113
gcggtactggcgaaaggcgatggcgaacaggttgctggcggcgaaaccgttgcaaactgggacccgcacaccatgccggtt
>non-promoter squence 1114
gcatctcgtgcggctgctgaatccagcatccaagtgaaaaacaaaggtagcatcaagctcagcaacgtgaagtcggttgtg
>non-promoter squence 1115
aaagtacgttctgttgtatcttgtgacaccgactttggtgtatgtgcgcactgctacggtcgtgacctggcgcgtggccac
>non-promoter squence 1116
ggtcgtgtaactgctgaagacgttctgaagccgggtactgctgatatcctcgttccgcgcaacacgctgctgcacgaacag
>non-promoter squence 1117
aaaggtctggcggataccgcactgaaaactgcgaactccggttacctgactcgtcgtctggttgacgtggcgcaggacctg
>non-promoter squence 1118
agcatctacatgatggccgactccggtgcgcgtggttctgcggcacagattcgtcagcttgctggtatgcgtggtctgatg
>non-promoter squence 1119
gttgctgaaattcaggagcagttccagtctggtctggtaactgcgggcgaacgctacaacaaagttatcgatatctgggct
>non-promoter squence 1120
atctccaaaatgctgaacacctgctaccgcattctcggtctgaaaccgaccgttatttttgcggaccagatcatgtacacc
>non-promoter squence 1121
ctggcttctctgcatgcgcgcgttaaagtgcgtatcaccgagtatgaaaaagatgctaacggtgaattagtagcgaaaacc
>non-promoter squence 1122
gttccgtctcaggacgttgtactgggtctgtactacatgacccgtgactgtgttaacgccaaaggcgaaggcatggtgctg
>non-promoter squence 1123
ttcgatggtgaccagatggctgttcacgtaccgctgacgctggaagcccagctggaagcgcgtgcgctgatgatgtctacc
>non-promoter squence 1124
gtactgctgaaccgtgcaccgactctgcaccgtctgggtatccaggcatttgaaccggtactgatcgaaggtaaagctatc
>non-promoter squence 1125
ctgcgtctgcatcagtgcggtctgccgaagaaaatggcactggagctgttcaaaccgttcatctacggcaagctggaactg
>non-promoter squence 1126
gaagcggtagacgccctgctggataacggtcgtcgcggtcgtgcgatcaccggttctaacaagcgtcctctgaaatctttg
>non-promoter squence 1127
gttctgccggtactgccgccagatctgcgtccgctggttccgctggatggtggtcgtttcgcgacttctgacctgaacgat
>non-promoter squence 1128
ctgcgtgaagagctgaacgaaaccaactccgaaaccaagcgtaaaaagctgaccaagcgtatcaaactgctggaagcgttc
>non-promoter squence 1129
tttgaatcctatgtggttatcgaaggcggtatgaccaacctggaacgtcagcagatcctgactgaagagcagtatctggac
>non-promoter squence 1130
cgtatgggccacatcgaactggcttccccgactgcgcacatctggttcctgaaatcgctgccgtcccgtatcggtctgctg
>non-promoter squence 1131
atctttgggccggtaaaagattacgagtgcctgtgcggtaagtacaagcgcctgaaacaccgtggcgtcatctgtgagaag
>non-promoter squence 1132
gaagtgctggatgccgagcgttctttatttgcaacccgacaaactttacttgatctgaattatgcccgtcaggttaacgaa
>non-promoter squence 1133
ctggcattacgtcaaagcctgaacgatcaaattagcgcccagcagcgttatctggcatcgctgcaaattactttgcaacgg
>non-promoter squence 1134
cccatttttaatgccggacgcaaccaggccaatctggatatcgccgaaattcgccagcagcagtcggtggtgaattatgaa
>non-promoter squence 1135
cgcgcggcattttttccgtctataagcctgaccagcggaatatcgaccgccagtagcgatctatcgtcattatttaacgcc
>non-promoter squence 1136
gcattgcaactgttgctgggaagctacggcaagctgccgcaagcgcagacagtaaacagcgacagcctgcaaagcgttaaa
>non-promoter squence 1137
gaaaaacaactgttgacaggtagcagtaatgttctggcgctggaacaggctcgcggggtgatagaaagtacccgcagcgac
>non-promoter squence 1138
atcatcgaaaaccatgaaccgctgcgtgaagagctaaaagcgcgtggctataccttcgtttctgaaaccgacaccgaagtg
>non-promoter squence 1139
cagctcaatggcgagggcagcggcagctggagcggtaatcttaaagggaataccgccacgacacgggagttttcgaccggc
>non-promoter squence 1140
ggcctggttaacgcagcagataactatcagaacgcgggctggcgcaccttttttgttgataatcaggtgaagacgctgatt
>non-promoter squence 1141
cgcgtaccgcactttggttatgccgaccgcattcaggagattcacattaaagtgatccatatcctgatccagttgattgaa
>non-promoter squence 1142
tccggtaactctgcaaacgtgatcaaagcgatcgcagcggcgcgtgagaagggaatgaaagtgatcaccctgaccggtaaa
>non-promoter squence 1143
gctatttctgacgttagtcatatttcctgcgtcggtaatgatttcggtttcaatgatattttctcccgctacgttgaagcg
>non-promoter squence 1144
tttaaagccggtggcaaagtgctttcctgcggcaacggcggttcccattgcgacgctatgcactttgccgaagagttgacc
>non-promoter squence 1145
ggtggtattcgcgcattgagcgagtggctgaatgaaaataccgatcttgatgtgacctttattgatattcctaatcctgca
>non-promoter squence 1146
ggacctgaggtggtccagcgcgtcgcctggtgcacgggcggcgggcaaagttttatcgatagcgccgcgcgttttggcgtg
>non-promoter squence 1147
atgggcgaaattgagccgttggtgccgtggggcgaactgaccatgcctgtgccgggactggagctggcttcctggattgaa
>non-promoter squence 1148
attgtgcatcatggctacttctggaaaggagagtctccggtcattcgcggaatgaagcgtaaccgtttaaaaacgttgctg
>non-promoter squence 1149
gcgttgaaactacaagaagatgaaagctttaccaacaagaatattgtggttattctaccatcatcgggtgagcgttattta
>non-promoter squence 1150
aaacctggcccgcataaaattcagggtattggcgctggttttatcccggctaacctcgatctcaagctggtcgataaagtc
>non-promoter squence 1151
acgctgactggcgtcagccgctacattaaaggcaccaaaggcaagaccgatcttatctctgtcgccgttgagccaaccgat
>non-promoter squence 1152
aaaggcgcaatccaaaaagcagaagaaattgtcgccagcaatccagagaaatacctgctgctgcaacaattcagcaatccg
>non-promoter squence 1153
gctgccgctcgcggttacaaactcaccctgaccatgccagaaaccatgagtattgaacgccgcaagctgctgaaagcgtta
>non-promoter squence 1154
gttaagtgccgtatcggtgccaacatgatttgggatgccgaaaagcgcggcgtgctgaaaccaggcgttgaactggttgaa
>non-promoter squence 1155
gtcagtccggaaatcgcccgtcgcgacgcggaaggcatggagcaccatgttagtgaagagacgctcgacgcttttcgtttg
>non-promoter squence 1156
gctgctcgtctgggagtttcgcaaccgacggtggctaaaatgcttaagcggctggcaaccatggggctgattgaaatgatc
>non-promoter squence 1157
atgaaggtttatcagttgctggcggagttgattacatcagacgtgcgtttgacgattgagagtgcgacgcagggcgaaggg
>non-promoter squence 1158
gtgctgcacggcatcaacgcgccggagttcttcgacaaggcggtgttcagttctctggtgctgacactgcgtgatgaaggg
>non-promoter squence 1159
ctgcaagatgatgagttgcatatcaacccggcgcattctcgcacgctacagctgctggccgcaggcgcgcgcgaaacgctg
>non-promoter squence 1160
tcgctgatggcggcaatcgtcacccagcatcgccacatctcccgcgacgtattgatggagcacgtcaatgtgctttaccca
>non-promoter squence 1161
caaatgaacaagtttgaagtcgagaaagacacaatcggcgacatcatcattctgccgcgcgagcaagcggtgctgatgacc
>non-promoter squence 1162
acccgcgagcagttaaccgagcaactcaactgctacctggatctgatgcgcaacgtgccctactccacggactctaccgtt
>non-promoter squence 1163
ttaacgccgacggtcaataatattgctgccgatctgatggtacgcattaacaacgcaggcgcggcaaacgccatgaacctg
>non-promoter squence 1164
ggcgcgacgaaagagaaagagagcctgccgcagatgctgcgcggtttaagcaagctgcgtaatctcggtcagggttacgtc
>non-promoter squence 1165
gagtacttcgtggaaggcggtcgttcccgtacggggcgtttgctggatccgaaaactggtacgctgtcgatgaccattcag
>non-promoter squence 1166
caccaggggctggtgccgccgcatatcgccgccgggatcaacctgaatttctggcctgccgggccgattttccgccgtctg
>non-promoter squence 1167
tacgagatgattcgcctgactgaccgtattctgggcttcacctggaaccgactttaccagggcatcaacgtccataacgct
>non-promoter squence 1168
caacgtctggctgccgtaggcccacgtttgcctgctcgtcaggatctgtttaataagctgctcgcctcccgcgccattgcc
>non-promoter squence 1169
aacccgccgctgcgtatgcttaacggcgtacagaaatttttcgctgtactgtggctcggtcgcgacagttttgtgcgtttc
>non-promoter squence 1170
cgctatgtgttcattcacggcgggccgcgtgtgttcacctattacacgccgaaagaagagtctattaagctgttccacgac
>non-promoter squence 1171
attatgtacgttttaccgtacaactcgaaagcagatttgctgacgttgcgcgcccagtgtctggcacatgacttgcctgac
>non-promoter squence 1172
tcttcagtactggtattaggtggacaacgcgcgctgcctaaacggctggaagaagcgggttttgcgtttcgctggtacgat
>non-promoter squence 1173
attgatgatatggtcaacggtattctctggctgctggataacgagctgcgcgggccatttaatatggtttcgccctacccg
>non-promoter squence 1174
tgcgctcgctgggaagaaattgcctgccgggcgcaaagtgacaaaacgcgagtgtgcctgctgcgtaccggtgtagtgctg
>non-promoter squence 1175
aaagagcgtctctgccaaagccgctggaatatcacgcaaaaactggtcgatttgattaatgccagcgacacgccaccgtcg
>non-promoter squence 1176
ctcggccctcgggtgacactatggcaagggcttgccgatcaaagcaacctcaacggcgttgatgcggtaatcaacctggcc
>non-promoter squence 1177
gacggcttgtgcatggaagacgaacagttttccgtcaaacattacgaagcgcgagtgaaagacggcgtggtgcagctgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1178
gcgatcagcaacatcgacccgttcttcgagtccagcgtgctgtcacgcggactgattgcggaacaccagggcgagctgtgg
>non-promoter squence 1179
aacctggctgcacgtttcggcaaatctggtttcatcaacaaagaaggtacccgtcctgcggtggttatcccaaccaacgaa
>non-promoter squence 1180
atggatggtcgtctggacgctgttgtattcactggtggtatcggtgaaaatgccgcaatggttcgtgaactgtctctgggc
>non-promoter squence 1181
gaagtgaccagcgactgccgctatgttgaagacaactacgcgacgaaagaagacgcgaagcgcgcaatggacgtttactgc
>non-promoter squence 1182
ggtacccgttctggtgatatcgatccggcgatcatcttccacctgcacgacaccctgggcatgagcgttgacgcaatcaac
>non-promoter squence 1183
gtagaagaactgaacatcatcacctgccacctgggcaacggtggttccgtttctgctatccgcaacggtaaatgcgttgac
>non-promoter squence 1184
tcttacctctacgccctgccttacaacctgtacaaagagcacggcatccgtcgttacggcgcgcacggcaccagccacttc
>non-promoter squence 1185
ccgctgcacaacccggctcacctgatcggtatcgaagaagctctgaaatctttcccacagctgaaagacaaaaacgttgct
>non-promoter squence 1186
ctgtctgcgcagctgactgctatcggtcaccgtatcgtacacggcggcgaaaagtataccagctccgtagtgatcgatgag
>non-promoter squence 1187
gaagcacgtatcaaatggaaaatggacggcaataaacaggaagcggctttaggtgcaggcgccgctcacagcgaagcgctc
>non-promoter squence 1188
acaacctggctggtctggcgtcgtggtgcgaaaacacgtccgctcgaggcatttattcaactgctggatgtgcctgactcg
>non-promoter squence 1189
atgttggcctgtgtgatcgcaggagcaggcattgcgcttattccgcgctctatgctggaaagtatgccggggcatcaccag
>non-promoter squence 1190
aatggcagtaacatttatgccttccgcgccaattgttcgtatcgtcgccacttcgagagctggtttcatgctgacggtgcc
>non-promoter squence 1191
gcggcgtttattgatggacccattaaccatactgccatcgacgggataccggtataccgcgaggaactgatgatcgtcacg
>non-promoter squence 1192
gcagtgcgcattccagccacgctggcggaattcaaccgtcgttatcccaaaattcagttttcactttccaccggcccttcc
>non-promoter squence 1193
gggcataactttttacgctatagccaacaaattctcgcgttagtggatgaagcgcggagcgttgtcgctggcgatgagccg
>non-promoter squence 1194
tacatcattgcgcagcaggacaataacagtcaggctatgcagtggctgacccggttacgggataactctcatcgcttcgga
>non-promoter squence 1195
cgtgccgttcatcaaggcacaacgatgccagacggtttttcaatctggcatcaccttgacgctcatggcattcctttcaaa
>non-promoter squence 1196
attgtgctgctgtggggacattatcatgaaggatggcgtggacgccgcgtcgtctggtttaacgttgcgggcgcggtaatt
>non-promoter squence 1197
gcgtttaaccaggaaatgccgccattgatgagtatcgagcgtaaaatgttccacatcacgcagattggcgtggtgctgcta
>non-promoter squence 1198
cttatcaacctggcgctggcaaccttcatgcccaatgaatacatcacccatctggaagctacgcctgggatgctggtgcac
>non-promoter squence 1199
caaaacctcagcctgctgaacgttggttcattggtcagtttgatgatctgtacggtaatgaccattgtggcttctcgcaat
>non-promoter squence 1200
ctggttgatgactatgttgttgatatcccgcaagatacctggattgaacagccgtgggatatgggcgtcgtattcgtcccg
>non-promoter squence 1201
ggcgaaggcttcatcgttattgatgacctggtggataccggtggtactgcggttgcgattcgtgaaatgtatccaaaagcg
>non-promoter squence 1202
gtaccgggtgcgttactggcgcgtgaactgggtattcgtcatgtcgataccgtttgtatttccagctacgatcacgacaac
>non-promoter squence 1203
ggtgtaacggcagccgtggttttgttagcactcgcgacgctggatgtgccaaacgtgaaactgtacgacggcgcatggagt
>non-promoter squence 1204
aatgttccgtggacggaactggtgcgcgaaggcgaactaaaaacgaccgatgaactggatgcgatattttttggtcgcggc
>non-promoter squence 1205
ttattggcaagccatgaaaatacggcgcaaattattgatgcccgcccggctgcacgttttaacgcagaagttgatgaacct
>non-promoter squence 1206
ggtggacttgcaggctggcagcgcgatgatctgctgttagaagaaggtgcagtagagctgccggaaggagagtttaacgcc
>non-promoter squence 1207
gaattaggcgttaaccaggataagcacctgattgtctatgacgaaggtaatcttttctcagccccacgagcatggtggatg
>non-promoter squence 1208
gagtatctgaatggacatattcccggcgcagtgttttttgatatcgaagcgctttctgatcacacttccccgcttccgcac
>non-promoter squence 1209
gttcgtggtaaaatagccaacctgttcgacaaagattatgagacagtctatggctaccaaactgcaggacgggaatacacc
>non-promoter squence 1210
cagtatttaggcactcgctatgataaggattactcatcttatccttatcaaaccgttaaaatgggcggtgtgagcttgtgg
>non-promoter squence 1211
tatgattatgtcgatgcgcgcaatgcgattaccgacacgccgttgttacgccgtgctaaacagcaggtgaaataccagctc
>non-promoter squence 1212
gcgtttgaaggcttaaccgctggggtgaactggcgtatttccggatatcgtaacgatgtcagtgacttgatcgattatgat
>non-promoter squence 1213
gataactcacagtttggtcgtcatggaacctggcaaaccagcgccggttgggaattcatcgaaggttatcgcttcattgct
>non-promoter squence 1214
gcaaacaatgtcatcgttggtcacggtagtattggtgcgggtgtcgactggcagaaacagactacgacgccgggtacaggt
>non-promoter squence 1215
attaaatcacaactcattaccagctatagccatagcaaagattacaactacgatccccattatggtcgttatgattcgtcg
>non-promoter squence 1216
acgctttatggcgcgctggagcataactttactgatgcctggagcggctttgtgcgcggctatggctatgataaccgtacc
>non-promoter squence 1217
tcagcagggtggggaagcaatagttatcagaactatgatgtctctacgcagcaacaactgggggataagacacgggtaacg
>non-promoter squence 1218
gatggcgtacgcctgaatctggcgggggtgagtggttctgccgaccttagccagttccctattgcgcttgtccagcgtgtt
>non-promoter squence 1219
actgtgcttgcaccaaccaccgttgtgacccgtcaggatatcgaccgctggcagtcgacctcggtcaatgatgtgctgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1220
gagaaagatggtcgcgtctacagcgcctttattcgtctgaccgctcgtgaccgtgtgcatctggcgaatatcatgcgcaaa
>non-promoter squence 1221
aatatccgtggctaccagaaagagccagagaagtttatggctgtggaatgggataaagagacggcgcaggagttcatcacc
>non-promoter squence 1222
ctgcaacatggggacgcctccattccaccggcaacccaaagccacggacatctgcccattaaaggtgccgatggcgtgctg
>non-promoter squence 1223
gattctgtaagcctgggccgtcgtctgctcaaccatgctttgggtggtagccgtaagctgaatgaaatcccgcaggaaaat
>non-promoter squence 1224
tgcgtgggcgcacgcgttgaccgccagccttacccgctgtcgcagccgcttaccagcggtcaaaccgttgaaatcattacc
>non-promoter squence 1225
agcctgctggagctgcaacagagcgccggtagttcgtttgaatttatcgagagcgttaaatccgatctcttcccggatgag
>non-promoter squence 1226
aacggctatcagtctttgcacacctcgatgatcggcccgcacggtgtgccggttgaggtccagatccgtaccgaagatatg
>non-promoter squence 1227
tattcgatttactgcaaaatggtgctcaaagagcagcgttttcactcgatcatggacatctacgctttccgcgtgatcgtc
>non-promoter squence 1228
gaactcgaagagctgggttttgaggcgctgtatcccaaccgttatcgcgtaatcaaagaagtggtgaaagccgcgcgcggc
>non-promoter squence 1229
aagatgattatggcgatggtgcaggatatccgcgtcatcctcatcaaacttgccgaccgtacccacaacatgcgcacgctg
>non-promoter squence 1230
ctcgactatgaaacgctgatggcggcgctgctgcatgacgtgattgaagatactcccgccacctaccaggatatggaacag
>non-promoter squence 1231
ggtctggcacacaaaggtgacgttgtagttatggtttctggtgcactggtaccgagcggcactactaacaccgcatctgtt
>non-promoter squence 1232
ggtaaatctgctcgcgcagtacgtaaatacttcccggatgccaccatcctggcactgaccaccaacgaaaaaacggctcat
>non-promoter squence 1233
ccgctggaagcggtttctatcatggcgaccatctgcgaacgtaccgaccgcgtgatgaacagccgtctcgagttcaacaat
>non-promoter squence 1234
aagatgatgatcgaaaaatgtatccgtgcacgtaaagtcgttatcactgcgacccagatgctggattccatgatcaaaaac
>non-promoter squence 1235
atcgaaatccgtgagcacctgaaagcgcacggcggcgaaaacatccacatcatctccaaaatcgaaaaccaggaaggcctc
>non-promoter squence 1236
aaagttatctgtaaagtgctgaacaacggtgacctgggcgaaaacaaaggtgtgaacctgcctggcgtttccattgctctg
>non-promoter squence 1237
aacgacgtttctctgaaagctggtcagacctttactttcaccactgataaatctgttatcggcaacagcgaaatggttgcg
>non-promoter squence 1238
gcagaacacggtcagcgcattcagaatctgcgcaacgtgatgagcaaaactggtaaaaccgccgctatcctgcttgatacc
>non-promoter squence 1239
acaaatctgcgcgcggcgggttacgacaaaccgttcaaaaccgttgctgaaggtgtaacggaatacatggcctggctgaat
>non-promoter squence 1240
aacctgtggttcctggaaaatggcgtttccggcatcttcaacctcggcaccggtcgtgcggaatccttccaggctgtagct
>non-promoter squence 1241
cagattgttggcttccgctatttcaacgtttatggaccgcgtgaaggccataaaggcagcatggcgagcgtcgctttccat
>non-promoter squence 1242
ctgcactactgcctggagcgtgaaatcccgttcctgtacgcttcttccgcagccacctacggcggacgcacctccgacttt
>non-promoter squence 1243
aacctggtggatctgaatatcgcagactatatggataaggaagacttcctgatccagattatggctggcgaagagttcggc
>non-promoter squence 1244
caccactcgcaagaaattgatgcaatactgggatatgaatacggcccggttgccgttcaccgtgatgacatgattacccgt
>non-promoter squence 1245
gatgaaggggcaactgccgccattctggaacgcggcagctccctgttgccgaaaggcattaaaagcgtgactggcaatttc
>non-promoter squence 1246
gctgacgtggcttgccgtgcgggtatcgacaccattattgccgcgggcagcaagccgggcgttattggtgatgtgatggaa
>non-promoter squence 1247
agcaatccgcaggcagaactgattaaagatgtttacggcattgatgacgcactgcgcgcgattgccggtgacagcgtttca
>non-promoter squence 1248
acggcagagattaaggtcggcgataacgataacctttctgcgctggcggcgattcttgcgggtgccgataaactgttgctg
>non-promoter squence 1249
atgctgctgacccgtgctgatatggaagaccgtgaacgcttcctgaacgcccgcgacaccctgcgagcgttgctcgataac
>non-promoter squence 1250
gccgggcatcggattgttattgtgacgtcgggcgcgatcgccgccggacgtgagcacctgggttacccggaactgccagcg
>non-promoter squence 1251
tctcagatcgaccgcctggcaactctgccgacctacgaagaagcaattgcacgcctgatggcaaccatgaaagaagcttcg
>non-promoter squence 1252
ctgattgcatactctatggaacacccgggcgctgctgctcgtctgttcaaagagttcgcgaaagcgaatgcaaaatttgag
>non-promoter squence 1253
ctgcgtaaagcaggtcgcgaagctggcgtatacatgcgtgttgttcgtaacaccctgctgcgccgtgctgttgaaggtact
>non-promoter squence 1254
aatatttcgcaacaaacattaaagattcagaaattcaacattatgtacaagctgaaactaagacgtatgagcgacatcgtc
>non-promoter squence 1255
aaagctaaagcgcctatttattttgttagccgcaaagaaagtatcaaaaatcttcttgagattacttatggtaaacacttg
>non-promoter squence 1256
ttcaaggttatcattgatacctatcacaatcatatccttgatgaagaagcgattaaatttctggagaaattagatgccgag
>non-promoter squence 1257
ctggtgcagggtgtgatccgcggcaacagcggtaatacgctggatctcggcacttacggcaccaccaccctcgacgaagta
>non-promoter squence 1258
agtttcacctgggacggtacgttgactgatggcagcactgcgccgaacggttcttacaatgtagcgattagcgccagtaac
>non-promoter squence 1259
atgatccccggcaccactgttcttgcgggaaccggcagtgaagaaggggctgtgaccacgaccacgccgtttggtgttgag
>non-promoter squence 1260
gcgcagctgaaaaaccaggacccgaccaatccaatggaaaacaacgagctgacgtcgcaattggcacaaatcagcacggtc
>non-promoter squence 1261
cggactcgtgaaaaactggcgctgcttgaacaaagaatcagcgaactggaaaatcgcagtactgagatcaaaaagcagcca
>non-promoter squence 1262
ggaatcagggagttcggggaagatgtggagaaaaaaatccgccaaaccctacaagcgcagctgacgcgcctcgaccttgta
>non-promoter squence 1263
tggcccgatttcgatgaacaagactttgaaggggcgttaaatgcctttgctaatcgagagcgtcgtttcggcggcaccgag
>non-promoter squence 1264
aaggtgcagcaaggaaacctgcaaccagatcagatagatgaagagatgctaaaccagcatgtctgtatgcatgaactggcc
>non-promoter squence 1265
caccgacataacgtgcgtctgcgtattattggcgataccagtcgctttaactcgcgtttgcaagaacgtattcgtaaatct
>non-promoter squence 1266
aacatcttcgataaaactggcgcggaagtaaaacgtcaggatatcgaatccaatctgcaatatgacgcgggcgataaaggc
>non-promoter squence 1267
attggcctggggatgggcgaaaactttatcgcttctgaccagctggcgctgttgccggtgacccgtcgctttatcttcctt
>non-promoter squence 1268
actctgcgtgaggccgttctgcgtgctatcccgcagctgcgtggtgcgtacggtacagtgatcatggactcccgtcacccg
>non-promoter squence 1269
tttgggcataaagccggggcaaaatccgtccgccgggctgtctcttttgcggccaacaacggtattgaggcgttaacgctg
>non-promoter squence 1270
gcgaaagagatgacgccagttgaacaaaaacagtttacatccttgcttctgcgggaagggattatcggattgttacaacgc
>non-promoter squence 1271
ctggttcacgtcaatgaacaggttcgtgaatatattcgcaatgctgaacgtccagaaggtcagggagaagcgcctgccctt
>non-promoter squence 1272
ctggcgctgtttattctcgtccagctcgcaaaactctacgcccgacacaaacatgtggatctgtctgcttcgcgccgcagc
>non-promoter squence 1273
ttgtttccttacaatattcaaaattacgcttacggattaaccacaatcgccttctggccttatacccttatttcggcactc
>non-promoter squence 1274
cgctggctgggacgtgatttactgctgaaatacgttggccatagcaataccttccaggccattgaaaaaggcattgcgcgt
>non-promoter squence 1275
cgccagagcggatttttcggctatagcctctatattctgttattcatcattgccaccctcttgctgttaccaggaagcata
>non-promoter squence 1276
cagggcaataaagtcgaactgttgccagaaaatagcgagtttaaaccaattgtcgttgaccttcgtcagcagagcttcacc
>non-promoter squence 1277
aaagatatcggcattatggatggtgacttgctggcagtgcataaaactcaggatgtacgtaacggtcaggtcgttgtcgca
>non-promoter squence 1278
cgtgtggctgccggtgaaccacttctggcgcaacagcatattgaaggtcattatcaggtcgatccttccttattcaagccg
>non-promoter squence 1279
cagacaggtatgccgccgacgcgtgcggaaatcgcgcagcgtttggggttccgttccccaaacgcggctgaagaacatctg
>non-promoter squence 1280
caatccattaccgacccgtgtctgggctgggaggataccgaacgcctggtcgaaaaactcgcctctgcggtagatacccgc
>non-promoter squence 1281
ctggtggtggatttcagccacggtaactgccagaagcagcaccgtcgccagttagaagtttgtgaggatatttgtcagcaa
>non-promoter squence 1282
gcagcccgcgccagccatatgttcctctcgccagacaaaaatggtcagatgaccatctatcagaccagcggcaacccgtat
>non-promoter squence 1283
accgagttcctcgatatggtgaccggtcagtttattgctgatttaatcagttggggcgcgattggcgcacgtactaccgaa
>non-promoter squence 1284
cagtaccagtcacggctggaaatcgtaatgcgcacctattttgaaaaaccacgaactgttgtcggctggaaaggactaatc
>non-promoter squence 1285
agaattgaaaaaatactgaatggtgaagataagcgactgttggtcattattggcccctgctcgatccacgatctcaccgct
>non-promoter squence 1286
cttgaatggacgcgtcagcgtgccgaggaagaagcagacaaagccatcgcagcgttacaggtgctcccggacaccccttgg
>non-promoter squence 1287
gaacagttaggtaaaaatgtcggcgacgatctgaacgaaggtaaaccgacgctgccgctgctgcatgcgatgcatcatggc
>non-promoter squence 1288
tgttccgggattctggctggctgtacgccggaggaggagaaaggcctgcaggattatgggcgctatctcggcactgctttc
>non-promoter squence 1289
cagatgatgaccagcctcggttcgctcaaagtgctggaagtcatgtcagaagccgtaaacgtcatcgcagaaggtgaagtt
>non-promoter squence 1290
ctgctacacgacgacgttgtggatgaatcagatatgcgcaggggtaaagctaccgccaacgccgcatttggcaatgccgcc
>non-promoter squence 1291
agcggcggcggtaaacgtattcgtccgatgattgctgtactggctgcacgagctgttggctatgagggaaatgcgcatgtc
>non-promoter squence 1292
gcgactaccgaaacgctgctgatccgcggcaagtcacgcaccattcgccgcattcagtccatccactatctggatcgcaaa
>non-promoter squence 1293
gacaacgaagagaatcgtcgcattggcgagcaggagctggcacgctgcaaagcgatgggcatcgaagccggtaaagtattg
>non-promoter squence >1294
gaagttgacgtgctgtacggtattggtggcgcgccggaaggcgtagtttctgcggcggtgatccgcgcattagatggcgac
>non-promoter squence 1295
gataacctgcgcaatgtagcggcggcgctcggcaaaccgttgagcgaactgacggtaacgattctggctaaaccacgccac
>non-promoter squence 1296
gatattgctgttgatccgattgaaggcacgcgcatgacggcgatgggccaggctaacgcgctggcggtgctggcagtaggc
>non-promoter squence 1297
cgtattatgctcaaccaggtcaacattgacggcaccatcgtcattggtgaaggtgaaatcgacgaagcaccgatgctctac
>non-promoter squence 1298
cgtgaaaccgtgggacgcattctgaagatgctggaagatcagaacctgatctccgcacacggtaaaaccatcgtcgtttac
>non-promoter squence 1299
acgggccgcattgcacagactctgctgaatctggcaaaacaaccagacgctatgactcacccggacggtatgcaaatcaaa
>non-promoter squence 1300
aaaaaatttcgccaattgattcaggtaaacccggacattctgatgcgtttgtctgcacagatggcgcgtcgtctgcaagtc
>non-promoter squence 1301
atcctctcctatctgaatcagggtgattttattggcgaactgggcctgtttgaagagggccaggaacgtagcgcatgggta
>non-promoter squence 1302
ctcgataccatgtacgatctgccgtccatggaagacgtcgaaaaagtggttatcgacgagtcggtaattgatggtcaaagc
>non-promoter squence 1303
tttaatctggaaggcgtggatctggaattccgtgacgaggcgctggatgctatcgctaagaaagcgatggcgcgtaaaacc
>non-promoter squence 1304
gcaagcgaaggcgagctgctggcgcaggttgaaccggaagatctgatcaagtttggtcttatccctgagtttattggtcgt
>non-promoter squence 1305
tctaagatcctgtttatttgtggcggtgcgtttgccggtctggataaagtgatttcccaccgtgtagaaaccggctccggc
>non-promoter squence 1306
gtctacatcgatgaaatcgacaagatttctcgtaagtcagacaacccgtccattacccgagacgtttccggtgaaggcgta
>non-promoter squence 1307
accggttccggtaaaacgctgctggctgaaacgctggcgcgcctgctggatgttccgttcaccatggccgacgcgactaca
>non-promoter squence 1308
caggaacaggcgaaaaaagtgctggcggtcgcggtatacaaccattacaaacgtctgcgcaacggcgataccagcaatggc
>non-promoter squence 1309
gttgatttatgtaacgacatcattcgcgaagagattaaagaagttgcaccgcatcgtgaacgcagtgcgctaccgacgccg
>non-promoter squence 1310
ggtgcagttaaaggcctgaatgaagagcaaggtaacgtggtttctcgcttcggtctgaagctggtttacggctctaccctg
>non-promoter squence 1311
gagttcgttgcgatgatggatctgcagaaaattgcttccacgctctctccgcgtgctgaaggcatcatctctgtgttcctg
>non-promoter squence 1312
agcatctccttccagggcatcctgggctacatcttctatccgattgcatgggtgatgggtgttccttccagtgaagcactg
>non-promoter squence 1313
gaatacattctggcaggtttcaaagttgccattatcgttgccgcgatgctgattggctttatcgccctgatcgccgcgctg
>non-promoter squence 1314
aacatgttcagcacctttatcgtgctgtcgctgatcaatccttaccgtgttgatgccagtgaagaaaacatccagatgtcc
>non-promoter squence 1315
atctcccgtaatcgtatgtacaccatggctgccacggcaatgtccaccgtgtcgatgtccatcgttggtgcatacatgacc
>non-promoter squence 1316
attggtttcctgctctccaaagtcaacggcatgggcaaactggaatcctttaacgccgtcagctccctgattctgggtcag
>non-promoter squence 1317
agcatgaatgatcaaggcctggcattcttcttcctgaaagtgctgtgcccaatcgtctttatctctgcactgatcggtatt
>non-promoter squence 1318
gtgttactggcgtggttcttcctgaactccgacgttggtttaggcttcgtgaaaggcttctccgaaatgttcgaaaaactg
>non-promoter squence 1319
catatggtggcggatcaggtagagcaggctattttacggcgttttccgggatcggatgtaattatccatcaggacccctgt
>non-promoter squence 1320
atcgtgacttcctggccgggtgttagcggcgctcacgatcttcgcacgcggcagtcagggccgacccgctttattcagatt
>non-promoter squence 1321
ctgtttgcattgggaatcggcatctatattttatatagcgcgttacgcatgggatatgaggcggtacagtcattactggat
>non-promoter squence 1322
cggacgcaaagccaggcggtgcgggctgatatgctacattaccagtctgatgttatgatgaacggcgcaattctgctggcg
>non-promoter squence 1323
ggtattcaacatctgatatctccaacaccgatgacagatccaggcgtcggggttatcgtgacaattgtggcgctaatttgt
>non-promoter squence 1324
gccgcgctggtggattcgctggtggatatcggcgcgtcgttgacgaatttattggtggtgcgatattccctgcaacctgcc
>non-promoter squence 1325
aacctggtaaccattattcagcagcagctgatttaccgtggtctggaaaaacgtggcctgcatagccgcgagaagaaaaaa
>non-promoter squence 1326
atgtcgccgaccacagtgaccgacccgatgcagcagaagatcatgacctttatgccggtcatcttcaccgtgttcttcctg
>non-promoter squence 1327
atgggttccgttgaactgcgtcaggcaccgtttgcactgtggatccacgacctgtcggcacaggacccgtactacatcctg
>non-promoter squence 1328
aaacagcgtatcagccaggaaatgatggcgctgtacaaagctgagaaggttaacccgctgggcggctgcttcccgctgctg
>non-promoter squence 1329
atcacctttatcgttcgtggcatcatgtacccgctgaccaaagcgcagtacacctccatggcgaagatgcgtatgttgcag
>non-promoter squence 1330
gctccgcacctggatctgaccgttgattacggttggttgtggttcatctctcagccgctgttcaaactgctgaaatggatc
>non-promoter squence 1331
aacggcatcgccgctatcggctataaatctcagccggtactggttcagcctggtcagactggcgcgatgaacagcaccctg
>non-promoter squence 1332
aacgaaaacctgaacatctcttcgaaaggtggttgggtggcgatgctgcaacagtatttcgcgacggcgtggatcccgcat
>non-promoter squence 1333
actctgccaccgcatctcgataccggaagcagcaacttcgcactgcacaccttccgtggcgcggcgtactccacgcctgac
>non-promoter squence 1334
gctgaaggtcaaaacgaactgcaggtgccgatgacgtataccgacgcggcaggcaacacgtttaccaaaacgtttgtcctg
>non-promoter squence 1335
caagctctgctgcctgcttacccgaaagagctgaactctacccagccgttccagctgttggaaacttcaccgcagtttatt
>non-promoter squence 1336
accaccgcagcgggtagcgccgccgaccagggcgtaccggccagtggccaggggaaactgatctcggttaagaccgacgtg
>non-promoter squence 1337
ccgcaaaaaactcgtccattcaacattcaacaaggaaagaaacttgtcgctggcatggacgtcaacattgatgatgagatt
>non-promoter squence 1338
agcattcattacgaaattctgcctggtgggcaagtatttatgtgccgactgggagatgaacaggaggatcatactatgaat
>non-promoter squence 1339
gaaaaaggtgaaacctcggtcggtgaactgcctgcgccgggaagcctgtattttcaacgttttggcggcttgaatattgaa
>non-promoter squence 1340
cttaaagacccattgttgccggaggagttgcttccggcacactgggcagggcatacggcgcgtcagctgtgtatcaacatt
>non-promoter squence 1341
gcactgcgtgccagagtagaagagtgctggcatttaactgaacaaaatgccatgtacgaaacctttattcagtcattccgc
>non-promoter squence 1342
tcaacgctggctgatgtcaaaaagcagttgatctggcaaggttttggcgcactggcacccagcctgatggcatcgccgtcg
>non-promoter squence 1343
tatagcctcagtgataaaggcttgcgcctgacgcgacgggcagaaagtaaaatttatcgcgcagagcaacctgcatgggat
>non-promoter squence 1344
ggtagtctggctgctttgctggaagggctgggatttggtgagcgtttcgtgcgcaccgctttgtttcgtcttaataaagaa
>non-promoter squence 1345
gtggatcagaccagtttaaaagagcggcatatcactgggctgcattacaacccgatcactaatacttttaaactcggcccc
>non-promoter squence 1346
aaccgcaacggcaagtcatggctgatggcggtggttggtgcggaatatattttgcgcatggtgcccaaaggcacgcatgat
>non-promoter squence 1347
gggcagtatgatgtggtgacctgcatggagatgctggagcacgtccccgatccgcagtcagtggtcagagcctgtgcgcaa
>non-promoter squence 1348
gtgaccggtctggatatgggctttgagccattgcaggtggcaaaactgcacgcactggaaagcggcattcaggtggattac
>non-promoter squence 1349
aacccgctgcgtctgggctatattgccgagcgtgctggcggtttatttggcaaaaaggtgctcgatgtcggttgtggcggc
>non-promoter squence 1350
aataatgacattgctgaaaaaatgttcatcagcaacaaaactgtcagcacttataaaagtcgcctgatggaaaaattagaa
>non-promoter squence 1351
tgctatttccccttctctctcaaccggtttgttggaagtttaacgtccgaccagcaaaaactcgactccttatcgaaacaa
>non-promoter squence 1352
gctaaaaatgaccatttttacgggaaacattgtgctgatgctggcgctaatggtttcgtgagtaaaaaagaaggcatgaac
>non-promoter squence 1353
gtggaaacacttaagcctgatatcgtcatcattgatgtcgatatccccggagttaacggtatccaggtgttagaaacgctg
>non-promoter squence 1354
ggtacggcgattgggatgtgtgcattacccaacggcaaacgctgtagcgaacagtcacttgccgccgggagctgtggcagc
>non-promoter squence 1355
cctgttcagcaggcgactgccgcgcacgtagcgccaggtttaaaagcgtcgatgtccagtagtggagaagcaaattgtgca
>non-promoter squence 1356
gacttacccgccgatgccctgcgcacgctggcgctgctacaggcagaactgccgctgaaaaaagcggcggcgctggccgca
>non-promoter squence 1357
acctgggaaaccattcacggcgcgcccgttggcgagctgctggcgtgggtaaaggaagatgaaaaccgtcgcaaaggcgaa
>non-promoter squence 1358
gcggagccgcgcacgctgattttttatgaatctacccaccgtctgttagatagcctggaagatatcgttgcggtattaggc
>non-promoter squence 1359
gggccgtgtgctgctatcactgcgttaagcgcagcgggtttaccctctgaccgtttctgttacgaaggctttttacctgcc
>non-promoter squence 1360
ctgcaagaggggcaaaacattgcgctggtttccgatgccggaacgccgctaattaacgatcctggctaccatctggtgcgt
>non-promoter squence 1361
attgccgccgaggatactcgtcacaccggtttattgctgcaacattttgggattaatgcccggttgtttgcgctgcacgac
>non-promoter squence 1362
gcgccaatggtggattgcgcagctggcgtgagtttccagtctatggcaccggattctatcgtgatgattgagcagtgggaa
>non-promoter squence 1363
aacggctggttcgccgcgcgtccgtcaggcacggaagacgcatataagatctactgcgaaagcttcctcggtgaagaacat
>non-promoter squence 1364
tctaagctgtctccggaaatggtgagcgccagcaccctggcaggtgacccgatcaccgcgcgcctgactgctgctccgggc
>non-promoter squence 1365
atcaccgctgtcaccggtaagaacccgcaggaacactacaacgaactggcaaaacgctttggtgcgccgagctacaaccgt
>non-promoter squence 1366
ttcgacggcagcttcggctttggcggcgaagagagtgcaggggcttccttcctgcgtttcgacggcacgccgtggtccacc
>non-promoter squence 1367
ccgaaccactacctggcggtggcaatcaattacctgttccagcatcgtccgcagtggggcaaagatgttgccgtcggtaaa
>non-promoter squence 1368
tgctcctccgagtgtgcgatggcgggcctgctggcactgcgtgataagttcgatctggcgtttgctaacgacccggattat
>non-promoter squence 1369
atggccgcgattcagaaagcgggcctgacgctgggcgttgatccgctgggcggttccggtatcgaatactggaagcgtatt
>non-promoter squence 1370
aatggtggcccggctgataccaacgtcactaaagtggtggaagacagggccaacgcactgctggccgatggcctgaaaggc
>non-promoter squence 1371
cctgccgtttccaatgccatcctggttcacaataaaaaaggtggcccgctggcagacggtatcgtgattacaccgtcccat
>non-promoter squence 1372
tgctatgtgggtaaagatactcacgccctgtccgaacctgcattcatttccgttctggaagtgctggcagcgaacggcgtt
>non-promoter squence 1373
aaattcggtacttccggtcaccgtggcagtgcagcgcgccacagctttaacgagccgcacattctggcgatcgctcaggca
>non-promoter squence 1374
ctggcgcaggttcctgcgggtcgcctcggcggcgcacaggaaatcgccaacgcggttgcattcctggcatccgacgaagca
>non-promoter squence 1375
ggtaccatgggaaatggcggtcaggccaactacgctgcggcgaaagcgggcttgatcggcttcagtaaatcactggcgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1376
gaagagtggaacgatattatcgaaaccaacctttcatctgttttccgtctgtcaaaagcggtaatgcgcgctatgatgaaa
>non-promoter squence 1377
accgacccggcatctatcgaatctgttctggaaaaaattcgcgcagaatttggtgaagtggatatcctggtcaataatgcc
>non-promoter squence 1378
agtatgtcgttggtaggtgataaagcgaaagtgcgtcatggcttgcagtcgatcctgcgcgaaaccgacgccgatgagatt
>non-promoter squence 1379
tcaatgcagcaagcctttgtgaagctgcgccgtggcgaaaccgggcaactgccgccgccgattcaaaatatggatcagttc
>non-promoter squence 1380
gcgcagcttggtctgccgtttgcgtttgcctcacacttcgcgccggatatgctgttccaggcgctgcatctttatcgcagc
>non-promoter squence 1381
gagctggtggactggtttgacgcccgcgatcccaatccgcatgtgcgcccggtaccaggctatggcgagaaaatccccgtg
>non-promoter squence 1382
ctctatccggggcgaatcgatttggggctgggtcgtgctccgggtagtgaccaacggacaatgatggcgctacgtcgtcat
>non-promoter squence 1383
tatcatcgctactggctggcagaacaccacaatatgactggcattgccagtgctgccacgtcggtattgatcggctatctg
>non-promoter squence 1384
tgtcagggcgacgctatcagtgaaacatggctgtatcagtatttcccgccagcgccggataaacgtcagtatgttgacgac
>non-promoter squence 1385
ggggaagcgaagcaaatcgaaattctctatattgaacccattgatggttatcgtattcagtttgactggtatccgacttcg
>non-promoter squence 1386
cattgcccattagcgcgcgttatggcgacgcgtaccggcatgggcggtttcccggaaggttgggcaccaggtgaacactat
>non-promoter squence 1387
ccaacaacgggcgaaacgctggataacattgtctgcttctggcagccagaaaaagctgtaaaggcgggtgatgagtttgca
>non-promoter squence 1388
caactggatcgtgatttctcccattatcaggacattatgggctggtataacaaacgcccaagtctgtgggtggaaccgcgt
>non-promoter squence 1389
ttcagctgcggtactaatgaacgtcggatgtgcgacaccattcatccgcaaattcatgactctgatcgtctgtccatgtgg
>non-promoter squence 1390
actggtgcctataagttcactatccattgtgagaaaagtcaggtgattatggatgtggaaaatcacctgtatgcgcgcaaa
>non-promoter squence 1391
agttatttccgcgccgttgatgacacatatcaatacggtttgtcggcccgcggcctggcgattgacacttacaccgacagt
>non-promoter squence 1392
aacgatgcaggtgttgataccaaacaattagaagggcaaagcgatctcggctttgccggttttcgcgtgtttaaagccccc
>non-promoter squence 1393
ctggacgctcagttcttccatatgggaatgggattccgtcgccgcgttcgtatgttttctgtagatccagcaacacatctg
>non-promoter squence 1394
gcgtggcgtggtgcgcctcgtccgttacctgacacgctggcgacaatgacgccgcaggcttataacagtattcaatacgac
>non-promoter squence 1395
gcaaccatgctgcgtctttatcacccgatctccggcatcgaaatggaatggcatgcgcctattccacaagatatggtggag
>non-promoter squence 1396
gcccatatcactcatccgctggtgggcgatccggtttatggtggccgtccgcgtccgccaaaaggtgcttcggaagcattt
>non-promoter squence 1397
gcaggtggcacggtggacgagccaatcagtcgccacccgaccaaacgtacccatatggcggtgcatccgatgggcaaacca
>non-promoter squence 1398
gacaccactggcctgatggttgtggcaaaaaccgttccggctcagacgcgtttagtcgaatctttgcaacggcgtgaaatt
>non-promoter squence 1399
gacctggtggtacatcctggcgcgggtaacccggatggcacggtactgaatgcgttgcttcattactatccacccattgcc
>non-promoter squence 1340
GCGGCGGTATTTTCCACGATCTCTACAGCGTCTGGGGCGGTAGCGACACCATTGTCCCCATTGATGTTTGGATCCCCGGC
T
>non-promoter squence 1401
tctcgtgcggtagcgggcgtcgccaacaaaacgctgattttcgccatgccgggttcgaccaaagcgtgccgtaccgcatgg
>non-promoter squence 1402
ctgacggaaggtgatcaggctcccgaagcattgctgccgttgttcgaccgtgaagttgaaggttttggtgaagtgttccgg
>non-promoter squence 1403
ggccatcacgttgtcgataaagccattgtgaaagaaaaccgctacgctattcgcgctcaggtatctgcgtggatcgccagc
>non-promoter squence 1404
gtaacgctggtttccacactggtgggaattgaactgatatttagcgccgccagcctgttcagcttcgccagtttgttcgtt
>non-promoter squence 1405
gagctgggcatttttgccattgcggcatttattgccggtttgttctgtgttgcaggggttattcgcctgatgagttggtat
>non-promoter squence 1406
ttcccgttcgtctctggcgatattttaagcacagtagtgggtgcattattaatctgctcgggtattgcgcttattgtcggg
>non-promoter squence 1407
taccgaatgcatcagattgcgctgcatggttactttaaaaccggattaatgatgctggtggggagtattaaccgcgttatc
>non-promoter squence 1408
gcaatgaacaacattctggcgcagatgaacggtaagccgctgaaaaattatcagtataaagatcatggttcgctggtatcg
>non-promoter squence 1409
ttcctgaaagatatcggtggtcttgaaactaaccgtatcaaccagctggtggtggaaccgacgctgcaaaccacccgcgat
>non-promoter squence 1410
ttgcctgcgttaccgccacgtatctctgctgcggcccacaacgagctaacgaaacttggcgttcgcgtgctgacgcaaacc
>non-promoter squence 1411
tactccgccaacctgggcgcgaatggcaaagtgaacattgcgattgtcggcggcggcgcgacgggtgtagaactctccgct
>non-promoter squence 1412
gacgagaaaggtgaactgctggttccggaacgtaaaatcgcctatgacaccctggtaatggcgctgggtagcacctctaac
>non-promoter squence 1413
cgtaaccacagccacctgtggaaaccgctgctgcacgaagtggcgactggctcgcttgatgaaggcgtcgatgcgttgagc
>non-promoter squence 1414
cagctgattgaagatgcggaaaacaaagagaaatacgcgaataaaatgtcttctctgaagcaggatctgcaggcattgctg
>non-promoter squence 1415
cattttaatgcggaacaccagcatacgcgcaaaaaatcgatcgatctggaatttattgtctggcaacgtctggctggtctt
>non-promoter squence 1416
gtcgatgtgttgctctcgctggaaaatgaacccgtgctggtaaatggctggattgacaagcatatgaatccggaactggtc
>non-promoter squence 1417
ggtcgcgatgcaccatcaaactggcagtacagcgcgggcggtatcgttgtgctgatctctgcactgttggtactggtgctg
>non-promoter squence 1418
gtcggtgtccaggcacacttgtggtggctggtgggtgccgtggttgtcggttcggcaatcggcctctactactacctgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1419
ttcggcgtggtcagcctgatgtccagcccgtatcgtggcccggatgctgattccctgttctcttaccgcggtctgttctgg
>non-promoter squence 1420
atcatcttcggtaacctgatggcgctgagccagaccaatatcaaacgtctgctcggttactcatctatctctcacctcggc
>non-promoter squence 1421
ttcctggcgacggcgagcaaaatcgctatcttcggtgtggtgatgcgtctgttcctctacgcaccggtgggtgacagcgaa
>non-promoter squence 1422
tctggcgacctgtcgtttgtcgcgttgggtaaaaaccttggcgacggtatgctcaacgagccgctgttgctggcaggtttc
>non-promoter squence 1423
aatgccaaccatctggcgtctctgttcctcggtatcgaactgatctctttgccgctgtttggcctggtcggttacgctttc
>non-promoter squence 1424
ttgttggcgagcctcgccacctgtactttcgcctacccgtggcttgaaggctataacgacaacaaggatgagttctacctg
>non-promoter squence 1425
tcggttattgggcttaacgcggcgctggtttcgctctggtttgttggccaggcgggcgctatggacgttacgccgctgatg
>non-promoter squence 1426
gtggttaaagttccgctgtttgtacaaatcggcgaagtcatcaaagtggatacccgctctggtgaatacgtctctcgcgtg
>non-promoter squence 1427
cagccgatctccgttactccgccgaacttcgttgaactggaaatcgttgataccgatccgggcctgaaaggtgataccgca
>non-promoter squence 1428
ttctggcacttcatgaacaacgaaactttcgagcagctgtctgctgatgcaaaagcaattggtgacaacgctaaatggctg
>non-promoter squence 1429
gttaaactgcgtcgtctgctgaccggtactcgcgtagaaaaaaccttcaaatctactgattccgctgaaggcgctgatgtt
>non-promoter squence 1430
atcctaaaccagactcgttgatcagtgaacatccgaccgctcaggaagcgatggatgcgaaaaaacgctatgaggaccctg
>non-promoter squence 1431
agcattgctctacagcagattcaaccagaatcttggcaagctatctgggatgccgaaatcgcgccccaaatggaggctttg
>non-promoter squence 1432
gtgaaaaccgctcagcctggcgaccatattctggtgatgagcaacggcggttttggtgggatccatcagaaactgctggat
>non-promoter squence 1433
cgctcgaataccatgaaaatggggatctgcaaagacgatctggcaccttcattaggtcgtgccgatgaagtcttcctgctg
>non-promoter squence 1434
gccgctaacgcgctgggttcgtttattaatgctcgtcgccgtctggagttgcgtggtgaagcgaatggcgtcacggtatat
>non-promoter squence 1435
gttttgctggatggcgaaaaagtgggcgaagtgaaatggtcgctggtaggcgaacataatatgcacaatggcctgatggcg
>non-promoter squence 1436
gaaaatgacatcaacctgaaacagaccatggcgatgggctgctggagcgagcaggagctggtgggtgagcagggtcactgg
>non-promoter squence 1437
ctgatcctcaacaaccttgagttcgatcacgccgatatctttgacgacctgaaagcgatccagaaacagttccaccatctg
>non-promoter squence 1438
gggaactttgaggtttcggctcatctgggcgaaagcgacttctttgttatcgaagcggatgagtatgactgcgccttcttc
>non-promoter squence 1439
cgcgaccgctgggtgctggccgttgccggtacacacggcaaaaccaccaccgcgggaatggcgacctggattctggaacag
>non-promoter squence 1440
ttacttgagaagcaaggcattgagctgattcaggggtacgatgccagccagctcgagccgcagccggatctggtgattatt
>non-promoter squence 1441
ctatttcaacgacggatgctctactggcaccgctttgctcctgaaagccgcatgatgcgtaaagtcactgatgcgttactc
>non-promoter squence 1442
gttaattcttcagaagcgttcgtacaacttgctcgccagggcaccacctgctgtatgatcccgcacctgcaaatcgagaaa
>non-promoter squence 1443
gcgctcgactatctgttcgtcagctcaaaaccctttgccgaaaaatatttccctaacggcgtaacgcgttcggcattactg
>non-promoter squence 1444
agtctggcgacgtggttgcttcctgcactggctcctgtgttggctgattcgcctatccgcctcaacttgcaggtagaagat
>non-promoter squence 1445
gaacaagggcaaaaactgctggcactgctgcgccaggtggagttgctggaagaagagtggctgggcgatgaacaaaccggt
>non-promoter squence 1446
tttttaaagtacgaggaccagctgatgtcatgcctgatgctgctcccggtggtgctgctggtgtttggcctggcaggttct
>non-promoter squence 1447
acgattgccgggttatcagggctgaataacgcgcgctttcagtttttcaactggatgagcggtctgctgtgggtattgatc
>non-promoter squence 1448
aactggctatctcatttacccgcgcattatcatcaacgcgcacaccatctttttcataaacacggtttatcggcgctgtta
>non-promoter squence 1449
attgcgaaaggcgcgatgggctatccgcaaacgattctgctgctgaccgttgccgccagcctcggctgctgggtcagctat
>non-promoter squence 1450
ggcgtggttgctgataactttaccagtatgaacccggtggctaaatggatcctgattgccaacatgctgtttggtcgtctc
>non-promoter squence 1451
ttctccgcctatgcattggtgtttattgtcagtatgctggcgattatcgccacgggcgtggatgacttttctgcctttgcg
>non-promoter squence 1452
gcctttatcggcggttgcgccgggtcaacgggcggtggcctgaaggtgatccgcatcctgctgctgtttaagcaggggaac
>non-promoter squence 1453
gcgctgatgacaattaaccaggcgtttttccaggtggtgtcgatggcgacaaccgccgggtttacaactgacagcattgcc
>non-promoter squence 1454
atcattgctatcttcctgctgatctccggctgtaactacggtctgcacttttcactgttaagtgggcgtagtctgaaggtt
>non-promoter squence 1455
tggtttgccggaatggatgcctttgatgccatcggccatagctttgcgactatcgctattggcggcttctcgacacatgat
>non-promoter squence 1456
gggatcatcgtgttggcggttgcgatactgcctatcctcggcgtgggtgggatgcagctctatcgcgcagaaatgcccggc
>non-promoter squence 1457
gcgttttttgaatctttctctggcctgaccactacgggagccactacgctggtggggctggattcgctccctcacgccatc
>non-promoter squence 1458
cagaccttttttgtcgccctcgccattggctctatgctgtggtggccgaaccgcaaagagaaaggcgaacttaaatcccgt
>non-promoter squence 1459
cgcaacccgcagaccggtaaagaaatcaaaattgccgcagctaacgtaccggcatttgtttctggcaaggcactgaaagac
>non-promoter squence 1460
ctgtataccctgttcctggtggcagaattgttcttaatgttcaagtttgcacgcctcggcccaagcagcctgaaaaccggt
>non-promoter squence 1461
tggcttctgcgcgccgcgctgtacggtattccgctgccgtggattgctgtagaagcgggctggttcgtggctgaatatggc
>non-promoter squence 1462
ccgcgtgtagcgccgctgtactttgcgttccgtatcatggtggcgtgtggcttcctgcttctggcaatcatcgcgctctct
>non-promoter squence 1463
gggatgaaggcgtactctctgctcgaacaactgcgttctggttctaccgaccaggcggttcgtgaccagttcaatagcatg
>non-promoter squence 1464
gaaacgcaacctgcgcctgctgcctttactctgttcggcattcctgatcaggaagaggagacgaacaaatttgcgattcag
>non-promoter squence 1465
gctatcgctgccagcttcggtatggctgctgttctgtctgttattgttctgggtgatgaatccggctacgaaatgggcgac
>non-promoter squence 1466
tttgaaactatgcgtatggagatggtgagcttctccgagctggtgcttaacccggttgctcaggtgaaattcgttcacact
>non-promoter squence 1467
ctgggtaaagttcagcatatgtgtgtcacctggctggtggcgctcggttcaaacctgtccgcactgtggattctggttgcg
>non-promoter squence 1468
tggtcttactattcccactatgtaggggatatcttcggtgcgccgctggcaatcgaaggtctgatggccttcttcctcgaa
>non-promoter squence 1469
gtcctctccggcaaacagatttataaagatatgaccaagttctggggcaagttgtttggtatcaacttcgctctgggtgtg
>non-promoter squence 1470
ccgactcaggcgaaaggcgtgtacatcaagaaagttagcatctccaccaccatgggtgcaggtgttgcagttgaccaggct
>non-promoter squence 1471
gttcgttaccgtaacgacaaaaacggcatcatccacaccaccatcggtaaagtggactttgacgctgacaaactgaaagaa
>non-promoter squence 1472
atgcgcgttgttggccagctgggccaggttctgggtccgcgcggcctgatgccaaacccgaaagtgggtactgtaacaccg
>non-promoter squence 1473
ggtgcaaacgctgaagctgctaaagctgcaggcgcagaactggtaggtatggaagatctggctgaccagatcaagaaaggc
>non-promoter squence 1474
agcgtggacgtagctgttaacctcggcatcgacgctcgtaaatctgaccagaacgtacgtggtgcaactgtactgccgcac
>non-promoter squence 1475
cgtcccgctgaagctgtggagtacatttctcgcaccattgcccagctcgaaaaaggggagagggtctgcgggcaagtcgac
>non-promoter squence 1476
gatagcggcaaagttaaaggcgcaatgttggatgtttttaatcgtgaacccttaccgcctgaaagtccgctctggcaacat
>non-promoter squence 1477
cgggaagaactgtctgcatttctgagccaatgtcgggtattgattaatttgttaccgaatacccctgaaaccgtcggcatt
>non-promoter squence 1478
attttgggcgcaggcgtactgggcagtaaagttgctcagagtctgcaaacctggcgctttccgctgcgttgctggagtcga
>non-promoter squence 1479
ctgaacccttctgttccactttttcgcctggaagataccggtatgggcgagcaaatgcaggaatatgctgtcagtcaggtg
>non-promoter squence 1480
tatgctttagtctggcatcctcctgttgaaatgctggcagggcgcgatcttaaagcggtgttcgcactcggggccggtgtt
>non-promoter squence 1481
gaagacgcggcgaaacgtgggcacctgaccgcaagtaccgttattcagtatcgcggcgcgattatcccgcgtgaggcgatg
>non-promoter squence 1482
gaagggttagtggatgttccggcggtgaaactgccgaaagaaaaagtgatcgataccaccgcagctggcgactctttcagt
>non-promoter squence 1483
gaagacgcgctgtggggtcaacagccggtggaagacgtcattgcgcgcacccataacgcgggcgtgaaagaagtggtggtg
>non-promoter squence 1484
ttaagcccgaccagccgcgaaaagctgctttccctgctgcgcgaatgccgcgccaacggcggaaaagtgattttcgacaat
>non-promoter squence 1485
tactactggcggaacgaagccgccgccaaattctggctggagagtgagcagtctgcggcgatttgcgaagagctggcgaat
>non-promoter squence 1486
gtcgatcctgcggcattaaccgttcattacgtaacggcgctgggaacggacagttttagccagcagatgctggacgcctgg
>non-promoter squence 1487
cgtcgtgccttcctgatgattatgtggggcattgtcggggggctgatcggggctggtgtcgcattaacccgccgttgctcg
>non-promoter squence 1488
gactatgatcagaatcgggccatgttaaacaccctgaatgttggtccaaccctggatccgcgttttcagacctatcgctat
>non-promoter squence 1489
cgcagtgcgacagatgtacctgccgaggaattacctgattcagaaatgttcctgcttgggcgtccaatgcttcaggctcga
>non-promoter squence 1490
cgtaccatccagatgaaagctcaggtgaagcgtcaggaagaggtggcgaaagccatctacgaccgccggatgaacagcatt
>non-promoter squence 1491
gtgaagcttattgccgaaaccgcgcctgacgctaataacctgttacgtcagtatgttgcttttgccagccagcgtgcagcc
>non-promoter squence 1492
accgactattacaaacagcggatggtgggcaacagcaaagccgatgcggcgttgctggatgaaatgattaacaacatccag
>non-promoter squence 1493
aacctggatgtccgttcaaacatggcttctgccgaccaaccatcggtcatggacgaagcctataaagagtttgttatgcaa
>non-promoter squence 1494
gcgttaatcgcgctggcgtatacgttttttgctcgtcaggagtggagctcgacggcgattaccgatcgtccaacggtgaat
>non-promoter squence 1495
cgcgcgggccagccgattgcactggtgggcagcagtggcggtcagggtcggccttcactctatttcgaaattcgccgccag
>non-promoter squence 1496
gtgattctggctgactggctgcaaggctacggtctggtggtggtggttgagcatggtaaaggcgacatgagtctttacggc
>non-promoter squence 1497
ccggttcgcgggccgacgctgcatcgctatggcgaacagctacagggtgaattacgctggaaaggtatggttatcggtgct
>non-promoter squence 1498
gttcgcgaccgccagaaagaagcgacgcgcaaaggcaccacctacaaaccgaccgaaagcgaaaaatcgctgatgtcccgt
>non-promoter squence 1499
ctgactcaggcgctgaacgagcgtaaaaagacgctggcagggctggagtcttccatccagcaaggtcagcaacagttgagc
>non-promoter squence 1500
gaaagccagcgtggacagcgtttacaggcttatttcggctatctcaaccaggcgcgacaagaaaccattgcccagttgaag
>non-promoter squence 1501
aagctgcgcgaaacgcaaaacacgctcaatcaactcaataaacagattgatgagatgaacgcgtcgattgccaaactggag
>non-promoter squence 1502
aaatctattcaggctgacatcgccgcaaaagagcgcgcggtacgccaaaagcaacaacaacgcgcaagcctgctcgcacaa
>non-promoter squence 1503
tatccggtggtgccgccgcatgtggaatatagcctcacgccgctgggcgagcaggtgagcgaaaaggttgctgcactggcg
>non-promoter squence 1504
ctacgcgaaggtactcatcgctttagcgacctgcggcgcaaaatcggtggggtgagtgaaaagatgcttgcgcagtcgtta
>non-promoter squence 1505
cagagcattgaaaccagttcgctacatttaggcttactgggagatatgcagcgcctgaactcgctgttttgttcggtggct
>non-promoter squence 1506
gtgttcttctctggcgatgtcaccagcgctcgtcgtttgcgtcgcagcaaacatcgttttcgcattcttaatcgccgctat
>non-promoter squence 1507
atgggcagcgaaattgctgacaaatcactggcagcacggcgggcattttcgcttgatgggttgaaggaactggatgcgctc
>non-promoter squence 1508
attaagctgtatctggcgcggatgccaaaagaagagctggcggaggaagagtcgcgccgctgggcagagatcatcgaaatg
>non-promoter squence 1509
gatgtcagcgcgctggatacgcccacgcttgctctggcgaacgccgcgcgcgaaaccctgcgcattggcgacgccatggaa
>non-promoter squence 1510
gcagagacaatggggaagttgtcattgccaaaagcggaactggtgatctatttccacgtcttctacaaccttgtacgttgc
>non-promoter squence 1511
gcaggcattatctccttccccgtggcgctctgtctggtgattggtgctaacctcggttccggtctgctggcaatgctcaac
>non-promoter squence 1512
caggtgatctttgcctcgctgaccggcgatattctgctggatgcgctgattggcgcgatgttcgccattatcagctactcc
>non-promoter squence 1513
ggacgcaaacagtcacgcgccgggcaactgggccgcgtcggtattggtcttgggctgattttgctagcgctggagttgatt
>non-promoter squence 1514
ccggctctggtcattgtgctgggtgcagatgtcgggacggcgctaatggcgcgtattctcaccttcgacttatcctggctg
>non-promoter squence 1515
gtcgaaaaaaagccgctcgccttttgcgcggggatcggcgttaccgcactggtacagagcagtaatgccaccaccatgctg
>non-promoter squence 1516
actgttggtcagctgctgaaagagcataacgctgaagtgactggcttcatccgcttcgaagtgggtgaaggcatcgagaaa
>non-promoter squence 1517
atcgcgatgcagtctggtaagccgaaagaaatcgcagagaaaatggttgaaggccgcatgaagaaattcaccggcgaagtt
>non-promoter squence 1518
gctgacgaagagctggttaaacacatcgctatgcacgttgctgcaagcaagccagaattcatcaaaccggaagacgtatcc
>non-promoter squence 1519
gcgctggtagcgaaaattggtgaaaacatcaacattcgccgcgttgctgcgctggaaggcgacgttctgggttcttatcag
>non-promoter squence 1520
gacttcgttgcaaaagacgctggtttccaggcgttcgcagacaaagttctggacgcagctgttgctggcaaaatcactgac
>non-promoter squence 1521
atgcgtaagtccggtgctattaaagcagcgaaaaaagcaggcaacgttgctgctgacggcgtgatcaaaaccaaaatcgac
>non-promoter squence 1522
ttaatccaagcacagcgcgactactttggcgctcatacttatgagcgtactgacaaagaaggcatcttccatactgaatgg
>non-promoter squence 1523
tatcaaggagcgcttcgccaagtgatttcacttgcagttgcccaaggtgtgccggtgccatcattctcaagcgcattagcc
>non-promoter squence 1524
ttccgcggtggttgcatcattcgcgcggcattccttcagaagatcaaagaagcttacgatcgcgagcctgagcttgacaac
>non-promoter squence 1525
gcggtcagaaaagcgttgttcatgagtaaaatctgttcatacgcgcaaggatttgcccaaatgaaagctgcttctgaagaa
>non-promoter squence 1526
actgaatctgtattcgcacgctttatctcagctatgaaggaagagcgtgtaaaagcgagcggacttctttcaggaccagaa
>non-promoter squence 1527
tggaataaaggtgagcttgatagctacctgattgagattacggctgacatcttcacaaaaaaagacgaagaaacaggcaaa
>non-promoter squence 1528
gtaaaaatggtgcacaacggaattgaatacggagatatgcagctgatctctgaatcatatttcattctgaaacaggtgctg
>non-promoter squence 1529
atgcctggcggacaaaaagaagcacatgagcttgtaaaaccgattcttgaagccatttctgcaaaagttgacggagaacct
>non-promoter squence 1530
ggtaatacatactataaagatacacagcgccgtaacaaagaactcgctgaaagcggcattcattttatcggaacaggcgtt
>non-promoter squence 1531
gtccaatccttggaaacaccgcgcaaaatcttattaatggttaaagcgggaactgcaacagatgcgacaattcaatctctt
>non-promoter squence 1532
gtgaaaaacatcgctgaactgcgtaaagttctcgacagcaaaccgtctgtgctggcactcaacattcagcgcggcgacagc
>non-promoter squence 1533
cagcagagcagccagaatcaggttgattccagctccatcttcaacggcattgaaggcgctgagatgagcaacaaaggcaaa
>non-promoter squence 1534
ggtaagccgatcagcagctttgccgcactgcgtgctcaggtgggtactatgccggtaggcagcaaactgaccctgggctta
>non-promoter squence 1535
gtggaatacggccaggtgaaacgcggtgagctgggtattatggggactgagctgaactccgaactggcgaaagcgatgaaa
>non-promoter squence 1536
gttaacctgaacggcgaactgatcggtatcaacaccgcgatcctcgcaccggacggcggcaacatcggtatcggttttgct
>non-promoter squence 1537
gagacggtaacttccgggattgtctctgcgctggggcgtagcggcctgaatgccgaaaactacgaaaacttcatccagacc
>non-promoter squence 1538
gttcaactgagcgatggccgtaagttcgacgcgaagatggttggcaaagatccgcgctctgatatcgcgctgatccaaatc
>non-promoter squence 1539
ggtaatggtggcggccagcaacagaaattcatggcgctgggttccggcgtcatcattgatgccgataaaggctatgtcgtc
>non-promoter squence 1540
cttgcaccgatgctcgaaaaggtgatgccttcagtggtcagcattaacgtagaaggtagcacaaccgttaatacgccgcgt
>non-promoter squence 1541
gctcaatctgaagttgagctttccccagaagatttagaaatctttgaagggcttgttgatgcccttgaagatgacgacgat
>non-promoter squence 1542
gggacagaccctgaccatatttttgaaattttacttgaagctgaagttgatgttcgtgatgtgactgaagaagaaggtaac
>non-promoter squence 1543
tcaaatgttaaccgtacgattgctaacgttcgcacaattttcaataaaaaaggcggcaatatcggagcggcaggttctgtc
>non-promoter squence 1544
aagcacgttattgataaagcaattgataaagccaaaggcggcggagatgaaacgttcgtgcagggacgttatgaaggcttt
>non-promoter squence 1545
caggggcgttttgacgatgccgcacgcttgatggaacagatcaccacttccgatgagttaattgatttcctgaccctgcca
>non-promoter squence 1546
atttatggcctgatggaagatgcggcgacggctgaaatttcccgtacctcgatctggcagtggatccatcatcaaaaaacg
>non-promoter squence 1547
actgccgatcagctgctggcaccttgtgatggtgaacgcaccgaagaaggtatgcgcgccaacattcgcgtggctgtgcag
>non-promoter squence 1548
cacaataaccaggtgctcaacaaagtaaaagcggataaatcgctggaagccaataacggtcacgatggcacatggatcgct
>non-promoter squence 1549
gtgacgatggataaaccattcctgaatgcttactcacgcctgttgattaaaacctgccataaacgcggtgcttttgcgatg
>non-promoter squence 1550
ggcaccatcaaggcgacgttgctgattgaaacgctgcccgccgtgttccagatggatgaaatccttcacgcgctgcgtgac
>non-promoter squence 1551
ggtgaggcaatccccggcagcctgtttgattttgcgctctatttcttccacaactatcaggcactgttggcaaagggcagt
>non-promoter squence 1552
tcactggcaccagactggaacaaagtgatcgacgggcaaattaacctgcgtgatgcggttaacggcaccatcagttacacc
>non-promoter squence 1553
cgcgggattcctgcggacttagaagaccgccgcgtagagataactggcccggtagagcgcaagatggtgatcaacgcgctc
>non-promoter squence 1554
acgccacaacgcaataaacttctggcagcgcgcattcagcagcagcaagatattgataacggaacgttgcctgattttatt
>non-promoter squence 1555
gatatgaccggcgatgcggttgggccaaatatgattaatttctggaagaatgtcagtatcgctggcgcgttcttgctattg
>non-promoter squence 1556
gcggtagttatggaagtgcccgccgcgatattaatcgtgcttggctttttcacccgtccgctggcggtgctgtttattttc
>non-promoter squence 1557
atcccaaaagtgaaggataagctgcatttgtcagtgatgtccgaagttaaccgtcaggttatgcgtctgcaaacagagatg
>non-promoter squence 1558
tctctgggaatgtcggacgatatggaagccgccattgcggcaggtagcacgatggttcgtatcggcactgcaatttttggt
>non-promoter squence 1559
cgcgggttgatggcaatccctgcgcctgagtcagaatatgtaaggcagtttgaagttgcacgccaaatggctgtagcattt
>non-promoter squence 1560
cataccatcgaccgtttgcgcatcgctacccgtctcaacgaccagcgcccggcagaacttccccctcttaacgttctgatt
>non-promoter squence 1561
gaaggggtagataaaattcgccactttcaggaactgggcgtaacaggattagaatggcattttattggcccgttgcagtct
>non-promoter squence 1562
tattacatgagtaaggaaaatacgctacaacaggccgtggggttgcccgatcagaaaacgcttaatatcattatggggaat
>non-promoter squence 1563
gcgacagcagcggcaattcttgcctccaaagatcccgcaaaaacctggcaacaatatgaagcctctggtggcaagcttaag
>non-promoter squence 1564
ttcgccgatccgttctgcccatattgtaaacagttctggcagcaggcgcgcccgtgggtagattctggcaaagtgcaatta
>non-promoter squence 1565
agtaacacacttatcgaaaaagaaatttacgcaccagccggacgcgaaatgtggcaacggatggaacaatcccactggctc
>non-promoter squence 1566
cccggaggaatgaaaggttatctcggaaagtatcaggatatgggcgtcaccatctacctgactccagatggtaagcacgct
>non-promoter squence 1567
gaaggcgcaatcaacgcgaaaaccgtaacctatgacttcgagcgtctgatggatggcgctaaactgctgaaatgttcagag
>non-promoter squence 1568
ggtatcgcccctggtgcaaacatcggtgacgaatgcgccctgtttgaagccacccacggtactgcgccgaaatatgccggt
>non-promoter squence 1569
attgctgatgcattcctgcaacagatcctgctgcgtccggctgaatatgatgttatcgcctgtatgaacctgaacggtgac
>non-promoter squence 1570
tttaaagactggggctaccagctggcgcgtgaagagtttggcggtgaactgatcgacggtggcccgtggctgaaagttaaa
>non-promoter squence 1571
tgttcggaagaaggcaccaaacgtctggttcgtgcagcgatcgaatacgcaattgctaacgatcgtgactctgtgactctg
>non-promoter squence 1572
gcgggtatcgaatggaaagcagactctgccgacgccgagaaagtgattaaattcctgcgtgaagagatgggggtgaagaaa
>non-promoter squence 1573
ggtccgctgaccactccggttggtggcggtattcgctctctgaacgttgccctgcgccaggaactggatctctacatctgc
>non-promoter squence 1574
gtaaccccagccatgctgaaagtggtcgacgctgcagtcgagaaagcctataaaggcgagcgtaaaatctcctggatggaa
>non-promoter squence 1575
ctggataaatccgttattttgaaaaccgcggattatttgcgcattgcgcaaccagaactggtcaatttccgccgcactgcg
>non-promoter squence 1576
gaactcacaggctgtgtcttcggcgcgatcccccctttcagcttccatccaaaactcaaactggttgccgaccctctactc
>non-promoter squence 1577
aatggcgtaaatcaacatgttctggcgatcctcgcagccgatcaacaggccgatctgagccaactcgccagccatataggc
>non-promoter squence 1578
atcgtcttgcttggcgcggaaattactgtcactctcggggaataccgcaaactaaaacaagcagctgaacaagaagaagac
>non-promoter squence 1579
ttcgaagcaggaaagaaaggtttcgcgctttatatcaccatgttcccgtcatatcagctcatttatggtgtgctggcggtg
>non-promoter squence 1580
ctgcgtatttttccgttgctgttgtcgtggatctccttctggttgctgtacagcattgttcctaccatccgcgtacctaac
>non-promoter squence 1581
gccgtgtactggatgattttaacgctggggccgctgctggcaggggccagtctggcgatcagttcctatttgctctccctg
>non-promoter squence 1582
cctgctactggcgatgttattcagcggtatatcgaacaatttgttgccaattccaacaagatgaccgccgttggggcgtgc
>non-promoter squence 1583
tatgtgtcgttgctctcattagtgccgctggttgccgttgtttttgcgcttttcgccgcttttcccatgttttccgacgtc
>non-promoter squence 1584
caggaagtgggtacaggttacttcgataaagtgacgactattattcagggcggcacgtcttcagtcaccgcgctgaccggc
>non-promoter squence 1585
aacatgtttgacctggcaaacgcctatgcccagggcgagggtatgaagcactacgttgagaaagtgcagcagccggaattt
>non-promoter squence 1586
tttgcacaagctatccacgcgaaatatccgggcaaactgctggcttataactgctcgccgtcgttcaactggcagaaaaac
>non-promoter squence 1587
ggcttcttccgtactcatgcgggcattgagcaagcgatcagccgtggcctggcgtatgcgccatatgctgacctggtctgg
>non-promoter squence 1588
aaagttttagtgccaactcaggaagctattcagaaactggtcgcggcgcgtctggcagctgacgtgacgggcgttccaacc
>non-promoter squence 1589
gagccgggcgatccgcgctatgtcgattacttcctgccgatcgttgccgatgcggaagccggttttggcggtgtcctgaat
>non-promoter squence 1590
gcgaaagcgggtattgaagcagtctatctgtcgggatggcaggtagcggcggacgctaacctggcggccagcatgtatccg
>non-promoter squence 1591
cctgaatgcacgctggcgcaactgggcgcagcgaaaatgtggcgtctgctgcacggtgagtcgaaaaaaggctacatcaac
>non-promoter squence 1592
gcctacaaattcggggtcaaaacactgtattatcagaacacccgtgacggcgctgaagacgcacaagacgatctggtgccg
>non-promoter squence 1593
cacctgcacgacgcctatgagctgctgtgggaaatgccgggtaacgatggttatctgcaactggtgggtatcatgcagaaa
>non-promoter squence 1594
ccgtccgagacttcttcgcagatctctaacgccactaacggtattgaaccgccgcgcggttacgtcagcatcaaagcgtcg
>non-promoter squence 1595
gagcaaggcgcgtgcccgtggtttaacgaaaccacttacgcgaaagggatcctgccgatcgatacctataagaaagatctg
>non-promoter squence 1596
ccggccgccaaacgtggagcgatgggtcgtcgtacgctgggtattggtgtgatcaacttcgcttactacctggcgaagcac
>non-promoter squence 1597
gagatagccctgccgaccaaaccgctgaacgacgtcaacgacgagaacggtgaaatcgcgctgtgtacgctgtctgctttc
>non-promoter squence 1598
aaatatgagaaagacgacagcatccgcaagcagcgtgtgaaagccgttgagctgttctcgctgatgatgcaggaacgtgcg
>non-promoter squence 1599
aacaaccgtggtgtggaaggcaaccgcgtgcgtcatatggactacggggtacaaatcaacaaactgatgtatacccgtctg
>non-promoter squence 1600
attcgtgcgctgggtagcccgattcgcggtggtgaagcgttccataccggctgcattccgttctacaaacatttccagaca
>non-promoter squence 1601
tccacatttaaaatttcgctgccgacgccaatcatgtccggcgtgcgtaccccgactcgtcagttcagctcctgcgtactg
>non-promoter squence 1602
atgaccttctcttatgctgccgttaagcagctggaaggcaaatatctggtacagaaccgcgtgaccggcgaaatctatgag
>non-promoter squence 1603
gccgcgcgcctggcgatcttccacctgcgtaaaaaagcctacggccagtttgagccgcctgcgctgtacgaccacgtggtg
>non-promoter squence 1604
gtcgagctgcgctcccacattcagttttatgacggtatcaagacctctgacatccacgaaaccattatcaaggctgccgca
>non-promoter squence 1605
ggccttcatgcactgaaaggtcaccgtgtggtcggcggaatgcgcgcttctatttataacgccatgccgctggaaggcgtt
>non-promoter squence 1606
gataacagcgatttctaccgcaatgacgtggcgaaagctaaccgttcgcggatgaacgtgccgttccagttggcggacagt
>non-promoter squence 1607
ccgccgacatttgcctggtatctatctggtctggtctttaaatggctgaaagcgaacggcggtgtagctgaaatggataaa
>non-promoter squence 1608
tcccgtccgattgacgtcagccgttatggtgtaatttacgctggcgcgcagaaaaatatcggcccggctggcctgacaatc
>non-promoter squence 1609
gccaaagtgactgttgatggtctgcgcgcggttaagccaatgcgtgaatggcaactctctgataatgctgcttatatgcat
>non-promoter squence 1610
cttaatgtcccctccaactacaaggtattattctgccatggcggtggtcgcggtcagtttgctgcggtaccgctgaatatt
>non-promoter squence 1611
atgaacggcgtcggttgccgtgccaccgcacgactaatgggcgtgggcctcaacaccattttgcgccatttaaaaaactca
>non-promoter squence 1612
ggcaaaagtactgccgggcatcaacgttatctctgctctcactgccgtaaaacatggcagctcaccttcacttatgccgct
>non-promoter squence 1613
gacaaagaattgcgtatcaaccgtctgaccatgctggagaaactgcgcgaactgttcctgcgcgttgcggatatttcgctg
>non-promoter squence 1614
ctacgtgacaagctggagccgtactttacggaaggtcgttaccaggatgcgctggtcgaactggctgagctgcgtgaaccg
>non-promoter squence 1615
gcggcgaacaaacgtgtatctaacattctggcgaaatctgacgaagtgctgagcgaccgcgtgaatgcctctaccctgaaa
>non-promoter squence 1616
tataccgttgacaccatccaggcggtactggcgcgtcgtccgactcgtccggctgatttcgatgcccgtatgaaagcggta
>non-promoter squence 1617
caaacgctgaccgaagaagcggtgcgtctgtatggcgataagctgactaatgccaacgtagttgatgatgttatcgacttt
>non-promoter squence 1618
ctggcgggtatcttcggtatcggtcagcatccgaaaggcgacaaagacccgtttgcgctgcgtcgtgccgcgcttggcgtg
>non-promoter squence 1619
ggcgaagcggaagatgtcgcggtggcgctgaatgagcagtatcagccgcgttttgctggtgatgacctgccgtccaaccca
>non-promoter squence 1620
gctgacgttaaccacgctacccgtgcgggtctgctgtctaagtgcgacctgatgaccaacatggtcttcgagttcaccgac
>non-promoter squence 1621
cgtcttgaagataacctgccgcgcctgcaaaccgtgttgttccagcaacagttggggacgctgcgcgacaaaactgaccgc
>non-promoter squence 1622
tttatcttcgttgccaacatcgaatcgaaagatccgcagcagattatctccggtaacgagaaagtcgttcgtccgcgtctg
>non-promoter squence 1623
ctgaccgcaaaattcgaagagaaattcctcgcggtgccggctgaagcgctggtttacaccatgaaaggtgaccagaaatac
>non-promoter squence 1624
gaacgtaaggcgaagattaaagccgatgccgaagaagcagcgcgtaagattggcggtaacgctgacttaagcgaaagcctg
>non-promoter squence 1625
cagtccgatcgcgtgattcgcggccaccgctttatgggcgagccggaattcaccatcgataacgccgatcagtatccggaa
>non-promoter squence 1626
aaactgccgatcccgaaactgatgcgttggggcgcaagcgacgtgcacttcgtgcgtccggtgcacaccgtgaccctgctg
>non-promoter squence 1627
accgttgaccaggctgagcgtctgactaccgataaaggcgaatggctgctgtatcgcgcccatgtgaagggcgaaagcacc
>non-promoter squence 1628
ctggcggaagcgcaaccggatcgtgaaatcgaaaaacgcggcccggcgattgcccaggcgttcgacgctgaaggcaaaccg
>non-promoter squence 1629
atctaccgccagctggctgaccgcgttgcagctcagctctactggcagggtgaagtcattccaggcgagatttccttccgc
>non-promoter squence 1630
ctggctgaaaaataccatacacagctgctggggcagatgccgttacacatctccttacgtgaggatctcgataaaggtacg
>non-promoter squence 1631
attgtgatgttcgagaaagtcgaggttccggtgctcggtattgtcgagaacatgagtgtgcatatttgcagtaactgtggt
>non-promoter squence 1632
cttgatatgccgccaggcaccggtgacattcaattgacgctggcgcaaaacattccagtaaccggtgcagtcgtggtcacc
>non-promoter squence 1633
aattcaattggttatctggtcactgacgacaatgcgatggtgtggcgtggaccgatggcgagcaaggcgttaatgcagatg
>non-promoter squence 1634
attctggacgccgatatctacggcccatcaatcccaacaatgttgggcgcagaaaatcagcgtccaacttcgccggacggt
>non-promoter squence 1635
ccgggaattaacggtgtgaagaacattatcgcggtgagttccggtaaaggcggcgtgggtaaatcgtccacggcggtaaac
>non-promoter squence 1636
agcgcgttcgaagagttaaaagagcaatgtagcgccgaactgctgcgcatcaccggggcgaaagctatcgactggaaactg
>non-promoter squence 1637
ctggccaattttcagcacccaaccctgaagcataacctcaccacgctgaaagcgttgcaccatgtcgcctggatggacgac
>non-promoter squence 1638
gatgcgtacatcgctctgcgtcgcgaagaagatgaccgcgtgcgtatgactccgcatccggtagagtttgagctgtactac
>non-promoter squence 1639
ccgccagaagaagcgaaagagatcccacaggttgcaggctctctggaagaagcactgaacgaactggatctggaccgcgag
>non-promoter squence 1640
ttcccggatccggcagctaacccgtacctgtgctttgctgccctgctgatggccggtcttgatggtatcaagaacaagatc
>non-promoter squence 1641
aagcgtctggtcccgggctatgaagcaccggtaatgctggcttactctgcgcgtaaccgttctgcgtctatccgtattccg
>non-promoter squence 1642
aacctgttcgcaggcgacaaatacgcaggtctgtctgagcaggcgctgtactacattggcggcgtaatcaaacacgctaaa
>non-promoter squence 1643
tatgttgtgcacaacgtagcgcaccgcttcggtaaaaccgcgacctttatgccaaaaccgatgttcggtgataacggctcc
>non-promoter squence 1644
gaacagatgggtctggtggttgaagcccatcaccacgaagtagcgactgctggtcagaacgaagtggctacccgcttcaat
>non-promoter squence 1645
tcctccacccaatacgaaggtggtaacaaaggtcaccgtccggcagtgaaaggcggttacttcccggttccaccggtagac
>non-promoter squence 1646
attgccgacaccgtactgttcgggccagaacctgaattcttcctgttcgatgacatccgtttcggatcatctatctccggt
>non-promoter squence 1647
ttcgccgactccaccctgattatccgttgcgacatccttgaacctggcaccctgcaaggctatgaccgtgacccgcgctcc
>non-promoter squence 1648
gctgaattcttcgaagaaggcaaaatgtttgacggctcctcgattggcggctggaaaggcattaacgagtccgacatggtg
>non-promoter squence 1649
aataccggcattatttccaatgaagtggccccgttcggcggcatcaaagcctcgggtctgggtcgtgaaggttcgaagtat
>non-promoter squence 1650
gctgatgtgattgcgcaagccaatgacaccgagtttggccttgccgcctatttctacgcccgtgatttaagccgcgtcttc
>non-promoter squence 1651
cacgaacgcggcggcaacttcttccagccgaccattctggtggacgttccggccaacgccaaagtgtcgaaagaagagacg
>non-promoter squence 1652
gggctggataacggcgtcaccatcgggccgctgatcgatgaaaaagcggtagcaaaagtggaagagcatattgccgatgcg
>non-promoter squence 1653
aaattccgcaacgccgggcaaacctgcgtctgcgccaaccgcctgtatgtgcaggacggcgtgtatgaccgttttgccgaa
>non-promoter squence 1654
ttaatggaacagtgcgcgaaagacatcaagaaagtgtcgctggagctgggcggtaacgcgccgtttatcgtctttgacgat
>non-promoter squence 1655
gttccggctggggtatttaacgtggtcaccggttcggcgggcgcggtcggtaacgaactgaccagtaacccgctggtgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1656
gcgatgattacccgcaaagccggtccggcgctggcagcaggctgcaccatggtgctgaagcccgccagtcagacgccgttc
>non-promoter squence 1657
gaagaaggcaaacgcatttatggcgacaccattcctggtcatcaggccgataaacgcctgattgttatcaagcagccgatt
>non-promoter squence 1658
aatttgatgatggagcatcaggacgatttagcgcgcctgatgaccctcgaacagggtaaaccactggccgaagcgaaaggc
>non-promoter squence 1659
agcgtgccgaaaatgggcgcggatgaaacccgcgccgctatcgacgccgccaaccgcgccctgcccgcctggcgcgcgctc
>non-promoter squence 1660
ataaccggcgaaggtaaagtcgttaagaatttaagccgccgctttgaagcggaacagtatgacccacagcgggtacgtgca
>non-promoter squence 1661
tgtcaggattatctcgcgcaccttgatggttttaatatcgaatggctggcacatgatgagcaggcggtagatgcgcgtctg
>non-promoter squence 1662
tatcagctgtatgtctgcgatgaatccggaatgcctgcattgcgccgccgcctggaaacgttgagcaaacttgccgttaaa
>non-promoter squence 1663
attgatttctttattcacgacggtggggtcgccagcggctgggcgatgcaggcgcaaccgggcgataaacttacggtggca
>non-promoter squence 1664
cctgacgctcactttgtgccgccaacggtaacggaagagggcatcgtctggccggaaggaccacgcccaccgtcgcgtgac
>non-promoter squence 1665
actgtgttacgcgttgagcgcatcagcgccggttttcagcgcattgtcctcggcggcgaggcgctggacggttttacatcg
>non-promoter squence 1666
cgtgatgtctaccgtagggtaatgaaagagttcgcgagtgtggtgatgtcactgcaggaaaatacgccaaaaccacaaaac
>non-promoter squence 1667
ctcttgcagctggtgagcggcgatgcagaaatcaatatgcaaaccagcagtacaccagagtttgacggctggcgatgggta
>non-promoter squence 1668
agccgcaaagacgttcgaatccttgcttcaacgcgtaactggttgcgctacaaattaccgaaacgtttggtgcgttgggac
>non-promoter squence 1669
caggtaatgtgggcccggcgatttggtcagcactcctggcaatttccgcaaggcggaatcaaccccggagaatccgcagag
>non-promoter squence 1670
acgcgcaaaccggtgcaactcatttccggttatcgttctattgataccaacaatgaactacgcgcccgcagccgtggagta
>non-promoter squence 1671
tatattcaggaagaattggcaaaacttaaccattttttccgcgattaccgcgcgaacaaaataaagtccatcgacccagga
>non-promoter squence 1672
gccgccatcctgccgacccctgcgtttgcaacactctctaccccacgcccgcgcattttgacactcaataatcttcatacc
>non-promoter squence 1673
tgggatgagaaaggcgatctgaaaggctttgagttcggcgtatttgactggcacgccaacggcacggcgaccgatgcgaag
>non-promoter squence 1674
tggaccacctacgccgcgctgcaatctttgcaggcgggcctgaatcagtctgacgatccggctgaaatcgccaaatacctg
>non-promoter squence 1675
ggcgaatcagcggaagggctgctggtgaccaagccgaagaactacgatcaggttccggcgaacaaacccattgttgacgcg
>non-promoter squence 1676
tactacggcggttatcacccggaaatggggcaaatcctgcgtcaggcacgcgcggcagggctgaaaactcagtttatgggg
>non-promoter squence 1677
gtgcaggacggcctgaagaaaggcaatgcaaacgtggtgttctttgatggcatcaccgccggggaaaaagatttctcaacg
>non-promoter squence 1678
accggcctggactccgaccaggggccgacggcggcgaaatatattcttgagaaagtgaaaccgcagcgtattgctatcgtt
>non-promoter squence 1679
tgttcttcatcaacgcagcctgcgtctgacatctacgaagacgaaggcattttaatgatcaccccagcggcaaccgcgccg
>non-promoter squence 1680
ggcattaaaggcaacaaactgcaaatcgtaaaatatgacgatgcctgtgacccgaaacaggcggttgcggtggcgaacaaa
>non-promoter squence 1681
gctctggcagaagatattaaagtcgcggtcgtgggcgcaatgtccggtccggttgcgcagtacggtgaccaggagtttacc
>non-promoter squence 1682
ccgaaagatacggttgagattcagggtgaagtcgataaagactggaattctgttgaaattgacgtcaaacagatccgcaaa
>non-promoter squence 1683
gtaaccctgcgcggcaatatcgttgaacgcatctctgacgatctctacgtgttcaaagatgccagcggtactatcaatgtt
>non-promoter squence 1684
gcagagcagggcggtttttctggcccatcggcaacgcaaagtcaggccggaggattccaggggccgaacggcagcgtaacg
>non-promoter squence 1685
gaatttgaagagtgtcttaaaatcctcgacgcggtagattttccgccagagcgcattttgaatgtttctccgcgccgctta
>non-promoter squence 1686
tcatttttacactcacgtaagggcagtgaagacaactgtcgtgaggtagccgcagcggtacgtgatgctggaggttgggtg
>non-promoter squence 1687
atcgccagcggcaatgtgcatataataagccatcccggaaatcccaaatatgaaatagatgtgaaagccgttgctgaagca
>non-promoter squence 1688
ggtgaaattgactgcagcggtaaaatgtttgactcgctggatctaattattgccggttttcatgagccggtttttgcgcca
>non-promoter squence 1689
ggcccggatatggaagatgcgccgcatcactggcacttcattaacatgcgtatctggccgcgagtggttgatggggtaggg
>non-promoter squence 1690
ctgaaagaagctaaagacctggtagaatctgcaccggctgctctgaaagaaggcgtgagcaaagacgacgcagaagcactg
>non-promoter squence 1691
gtagctgctggcccggttgaagctgctgaagaaaaaactgaattcgacgtaattctgaaagctgctggcgctaacaaagtt
>non-promoter squence 1692
acctactacggtcgtgattatgtagaaggtgaaactgcagcgaagaaagaagctgctccggctaaagctgagaaaaaagcg
>non-promoter squence 1693
caggaagcagacttcctggcgaacgtggataaactgtctgaagatgcattcgatgaccagtgcaccggcgctaacccgcgt
>non-promoter squence 1694
cacttgggtctgagcgcaccgggcgaccgtactgctgctaagatcgagaaactgctggcatggctggaaacgctgaaagct
>non-promoter squence 1695
aacgccctgctgatttgtaacgttattcgctacaatgcgaacgacaacccgaccaagcagactgcattcagccagtatgac
>non-promoter squence 1696
gaacgtgttcacagtgcagcgactatcgcgggtatcgcgtttgcgaacgccttcctgggtgtatgtcactcaatggcgcac
>non-promoter squence 1697
gcttatgtttctgtactggcatctgagttctctgatggtcaggctctgcaggcactgaaactgctgaaagaatatctgcca
>non-promoter squence 1698
ccgctggcagactatgcgctgactccggatatggcgattgtcgacgccaacctggttatggacatgccgaagtccctgtgt
>non-promoter squence 1699
tacaagttcccgaaaatgggcgtgaaagcgaaaatgatcgctgtcaccaccacttctggtacaggttctgaagtcactccg
>non-promoter squence 1700
atcgcgctgggtggtggttccccgatggacgccgcgaagatcatgtgggttatgtacgaacatccggaaactcacttcgaa
>non-promoter squence 1701
tccgtactgaaagcagcaggcgttgaaactgaagtcttcttcgaagtagaagcggacccgaccctgagcatcgttcgtaaa
>non-promoter squence 1702
tacttccgccgtggctccctgccaatcgcgctggatgaagtgattactgatggccacaaacgtgcgctcatcgtgactgac
>non-promoter squence 1703
tgtggttcttggggtggtaactccatctctgaaaacgttggtccgaaacacctgatcaacaagaaaaccgttgctaagcga
>non-promoter squence 1704
cgcgtttcttacttcggtcagaaaatgaaaacggcgcgtatcctgattaacaccccagcgtctcagggtggtatcggtgac
>non-promoter squence 1705
ctggcaatgtaccgcgctaaagatttcgaagacgcggtagaaaaagcagagaaactggttgctatgggcggtatcggtcat
>non-promoter squence 1706
gcctataaaattgctgaactggcaggcttctctgtaccagaaaacaccaagattctgatcggtgaagtgaccgttgttgat
>non-promoter squence 1707
gctgtacgtgaacgttttgcaacccacggcggctatctgttgcagggtaaagagctgaaagctgttcaggatgttatcctg
>non-promoter squence 1708
atcgatgaaactgctgatatcaaacgtgcagttgcatctgtactgatgtccaaaaccttcgacaacggcgtaatctgtgct
>non-promoter squence 1709
ctgatgcaccacccagacatcaacctgatcctcgcgactggtggtccgggcatggttaaagccgcatacagctccggtaaa
>non-promoter squence 1710
cgtgcaaaagatgccaccaacaaagcggctgatatcgttctgcaggctgctatcgctgccggtgctccgaaagatctgatc
>non-promoter squence 1711
gctgaaccaatcggtattatttgcggtatcgttccgaccactaacccgacttcaactgctatcttcaaatcgctgatcagt
>non-promoter squence 1712
atcgtcgaagataaagtgatcaaaaaccactttgcttctgaatatatctacaacgcctataaagatgaaaaaacctgtggt
>non-promoter squence 1713
cgtgaatatgccagtttcactcaagagcaagtagacaaaatcttccgcgccgccgctctggctgctgcagatgctcgaatc
>non-promoter squence 1714
gttctgcgtaccactggcgaacacgaagtgagcttccaggttcacagcgaagtattcgcgaaagtgatcgtaaacgtagta
>non-promoter squence 1715
gcgtctaaagctggcgacgaaggtaaactgttcggttccatcggtactcgcgacatcgctgacgctgtaactgcagctggc
>non-promoter squence 1716
aagaaaaacattgaattcttcgaagctcgtcgcgctgaactggaagctaaactggctgaagttctggcagctgctaatgct
>non-promoter squence 1717
aaaacatttgtttgtgtagaaacggcttacgcttcagaaacgcaaaaagtgaccaaagagaaacctgcacatctggcgcaa
>non-promoter squence 1718
aatgatgaagcgctgaatcgtattatcgccgtaggccaccagcatcatctgaacgttgtcggctggaacccgggaccggcg
>non-promoter squence 1719
ggcgatcgcttcattgataaagtgaatgacgcgaaagaaaatgtactgaccgatggtattcagaccttccctgaccgtacc
>non-promoter squence 1720
ttccgcgtgggtaaaacttgtgaaatcgatcttgaatcacatggcgaatttgaaaccacctctgccctgcatacctacttt
>non-promoter squence 1721
ctgccgtggacgctgaaatcacatcatgaagatgctgatggcgtagcgctgacttttgaattgacgcaaagcgaagagacg
>non-promoter squence 1722
ttgagcaacaacacaccgttcaaaaatggcgtcgctattcgcggtggcgtaccggtttgctggccgtggtttggtccggcg
>non-promoter squence 1723
cgtaaactggatgaactggacctcattgtggtcgatcatccccaggtaaaagcctcttttgcattacagggcgcacacctt
>non-promoter squence 1724
agcttaaccttcgggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcgtaacaaggtaaccgtaggggaacc
>non-promoter squence 1725
tcgactccatgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgttcccgggccttgtacacaccg
>non-promoter squence 1726
atcatggcccttacgaccagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgcatacaaagagaagcgacctcgcgagagcaagcggac
>non-promoter squence 1727
aatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatcctttgttgccagcggtccggccgggaactcaaaggagactgc
>non-promoter squence 1728
tcgatgcaacgcgaagaaccttacctggtcttgacatccacggaagttttcagagatgagaatgtgccttcgggaaccgtg
>non-promoter squence 1729
cttgaggcgtggcttccggagctaacgcgttaagtcgaccgcctggggagtacggccgcaaggttaaaactcaaatgaatt
>non-promoter squence 1730
ggtggcgaaggcggccccctggacgaagactgacgctcaggtgcgaaagcgtggggagcaaacaggattagataccctggt
>non-promoter squence 1731
gatgtgaaatccccgggctcaacctgggaactgcatctgatactggcaagcttgagtctcgtagaggggggtagaattcca
>non-promoter squence 1732
gacgttacccgcagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggagggtgcaagcgttaatcggaat
>non-promoter squence 1733
ggaatattgcacaatgggcgcaagcctgatgcagccatgccgcgtgtatgaagaaggccttcgggttgtaaagtactttca
>non-promoter squence 1734
ggattagcttgttggtggggtaacggctcaccaaggcgacgatccctagctggtctgagaggatgaccagccacactggaa
>non-promoter squence 1735
tgtctgggaagctgcctgatggagggggataactactggaaacggtagctaataccgcataatgtcgcaagaccaaagagg
>non-promoter squence 1736
gggatcttcgatattaaagatgcgatcaaccaggttgctgaccgcctgaacatctccaaacacactgtctatctctacatc
>non-promoter squence 1737
tcttctgttgaagatctggttacccaaacgctggagttcaccatcgaagaagtgaatgccgatcgcaatgtttctaataac
>non-promoter squence 1738
gaacagcgtgtaattggtctgctgtgcatcaatatgaatcttgatgttcccttctcgcagattatgagcacctttgtgccg
>non-promoter squence 1739
ctggcgctacgtatgctgcacgatatgacgggagcggatagcagcgtttctaaatgctactttactcgcgccaaaagcggc
>non-promoter squence 1740
atgcttattggctcccactgtgaaatcgttttgcactctttgcaggatctaaaatgttcagccattcgcattgctaacggt
>non-promoter squence 1741
ctgctgtttaagcaggggaaccgtgagctgaaacgactggtgcatccgaacgccgtctatagcattaagctggggaatcgc
>non-promoter squence 1742
tttacaactgacagcattgcccgctggccgctctttttgccggtactgcttttatgttcagcctttatcggcggttgcgcc
>non-promoter squence 1743
cagtttacgctggtggttatttgtaccctcgtactgtggtttcataatgtctacagttcggcgctgatgacaattaaccag
>non-promoter squence 1744
tatcgcgcagaaatgcccggcccgctgaaagataacaaaatgcgcccgcgaattgcggaaacggcgaaaaccctgtggttg
>non-promoter squence 1745
gattcgctccctcacgccatcctcttttatcgccagatgctgcaatggtttggcgggatggggatcatcgtgttggcggtt
>non-promoter squence 1746
ggtagcgtcggtgcgctcccttttatcttctcggaaagcccgaacctcacgattaccgatgcgttttttgaatctttctct
>non-promoter squence 1747
ggtaatgcttgtgttcttctgaacaacaacagcgagcagcctatcggtacgcgtatttttgggccggtaactcgtgagctt
>non-promoter squence 1748
atcaccatcaaagaagcaattccgcgtggtaaggtcaaaaaaggtgatgtgctgaaggcggtagtggtgcgcaccaagaag
>non-promoter squence 1749
gacggttctggcatgcagtgccaggagcctgcaaacgcactgacgaaagctggttttgcgcaagtattcgtgctgaaagaa
>non-promoter squence 1750
cagcgtgatgacttccgtaaaggccatatcgcaggttctattaatctgttgccgagcgaaatcaaagccaacaatgttggt
>non-promoter squence 1751
ttactggtggcggttcttgtgactacgtttaagagcctgacctcgaaagtgaaggtgattactcgtggtgaagctacgcgt
>non-promoter squence 1752
gctgatttcaacggcggcagcttcggtcgtggcgacagcgacgagtggaccttcggtgcccagatggaaatctggtggtaa
>non-promoter squence 1753
agcatctggtcacgcccggctattcgtgtcttcgcaacctacgccaagtgggatgagaaatggggttacgactacaccggt
>non-promoter squence 1754
tggacgccaatcatgagcaccgtgatggaaatcggctacgacaacgtcgaatcccagcgcaccggcgacaagaacaatcag
>non-promoter squence 1755
ggtgcgatctccatgggcgacaactgggacatgatgtacgtgggtatgtaccaggatatcaactgggataacgacaacggc
>non-promoter squence 1756
actgactcgatgacctcgcagggtaaagggctgtcgcagggttctggcgttgcatttgataacgaaaaatttgcctacaat
>non-promoter squence 1757
gccaacttgcgtgataactatcgtctggttgatggcgcatcgaaagacggctggttattcactgctgaacatactcagagt
>non-promoter squence 1758
gccagcaacaatatttatgactataccaacgaaaccgcgaacgacgttttcgatgtgcgtttagcgcagatggaaatcaac
>non-promoter squence 1759
gacttctactactgggatatttctggtcctggtgccggtctggaaaacatcgatgttggcttcggtaaactctctctggca
>non-promoter squence 1760
gctaccgatccggccttccgtgaagcaaacgtgcagggtaaaaacctgatcgaatggctgccaggctccaccatctgggca
>non-promoter squence 1761
aacgaatgtgaaacttatgctgaattaaaattgggtcaggaagtgtggaaagagggcgataagagcttctatttcgacact
>non-promoter squence 1762
gctcaggcaatggctgttgatttccacggctatgcacgttccggtattggttggacaggtagcggcggtgaacaacagtgt
>non-promoter squence 1763
gaaacctactttgtcgcgttagatgataccggacatgtcatcaactccggttatcagacctgtgctgaatacgacactgat
>non-promoter squence 1764
aaaggcatgagccgggcgcaggttgcacaaattgcgggtaaaccttcgtctgaagtgagcatgatccatgctcgcggtact
>non-promoter squence 1765
catattccgatgggtgtaccgctacagaccgaaatgcacgcgtatatggagatcctgaaaaaatatccaccacgcgcgcag
>non-promoter squence 1766
tacgcttatacccagagcggatatcagggtggattcaccggcacagtaatgcaaacggcgggatcgtcggtgtttaacctc
>non-promoter squence 1767
tccttcttcctgggaacaaatggtcagtctaaccgtaaggccgagcactacttcctcaacggtaaactcgctgctgtgcgt
>non-promoter squence 1768
gacggtattgtcgatctggcagatctcttccctaccgcgctggatctggcagggcatcctggagcgaaagtggcgaattta
>non-promoter squence 1769
gccgaagtaccgccgcacggacgcaccccgttccgtggtgcgaaaggttcgacctgggaaggcggcgttcgcgtaccgact
>non-promoter squence 1770
tcgtatggcgactgcatggtggagatgaacgatgtgttcgctaatctgtataaaacactggagaaaaacggtcagcttgat
>non-promoter squence 1771
aagttcctcgacaagatggcgaagagcgataaaccattcttcctctactacggcactcgtggctgccacttcgataactac
>non-promoter squence 1772
caattaccgttcagcaaagatgacgttcatgcggtgcgcggcggcgaacaacaggccattgccgacattacgccgaaatat
>non-promoter squence 1773
aacgttggctttgatgatttccgtggctttaactcggtgtctgatatgtacaccgaatggcgcgacgttcacgtcaatccg
>non-promoter squence 1774
gggcaaccgggcgggctgcaagggttaaccacgctgccgcagttgctgcacgatcagggctacgtcactcaggccatcgga
>non-promoter squence 1775
gccagccaggggctgattttaacttcggcgtattctcaaccaagctcttccccaacccgcgccaccattctcaccggacaa
>non-promoter squence 1776
aaaaccggtaagaaaccgaatgtggttgttttcttgctggacgatgtgggctggatggacgtcggttttaacggtggcggc
>non-promoter squence 1777
gatcacccaaaccagtatctggttaaaccggcgaccactattgccgacaatatgatgccagtaatgcagcatccggcgcag
>non-promoter squence 1778
tcaccaccgctgatctatacggacctgacgctgacaacacatcaacaggagcagatccgcaaaatgctcgaatcagcatga
>non-promoter squence 1779
gaactaacgttactgccgctcaacattaagcatatgtcggtaaaggcatttttgcagacaggcgctccgcgtggcgcggca
>non-promoter squence 1780
ctggtcgcggtgattttcggtgcctggctaatgcaggaaaacgatctgcatgaaaaacagattattcttcttaccgggaat
>non-promoter squence 1781
gataataccctgccggaagagttcgccagactgtacccacgcctggtgcgcaccacccgcgcggcgctggccggatttgaa
>non-promoter squence 1782
ctggtaaaccattttcgtgagctgggaaatgttcgtttttatgatgaacaggggttatgtgatcagctttatacccacctc
>non-promoter squence 1783
cagcctgtaccacctgatgagccactgtttatggcactacttttttccatgttgcgggttcccgatccattgcgggatgcg
>non-promoter squence 1784
ctgcagcaccacgctggaattacgcctcagtttaatccgctccaacgtcgctgggcggaatcctgccttgaatttcaggta
>non-promoter squence 1785
cgtaacttttacgacgataccaatctacaagcgttagtgaatctctgctcccgacggctgcaaaaacgctttgaatcgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1786
cttaaccaacgtttgtgtttatttcactggctacgacgtggtttccgtctgtgtccgtcatttattaccagccaattcacc
>non-promoter squence 1787
ggtgtggatgatgatattgccagtcttgatatcagcgaaacaggacgggagatcctgcgctatcatcaactcacactgacg
>non-promoter squence 1788
ctgaccatcgttgttgacggtaaagaaatcaaagttaaagctcaggacgtacagcgtcacccgtacaaaccgaagctgcag
>non-promoter squence 1789
cgtgccgctaacaagttcccggcaatcatctacggtggcaaagaagcgccgctggctatcgagctggatcacgacaaagtc
>non-promoter squence 1790
agtttcacgagaagctgcgtgaactgctgacgacgctgaatctgaagctggaaccggcggatgattttcgtgacgagccgg
>non-promoter squence 1791
cgcaggaatcccgttttacctacagttaccagtttggtctgttcgataaagcaggcgactggaagagtgttccggtaaaag
>non-promoter squence 1792
catcacctgaaggtaagtgcaaagataatcgattctttttcgattgtctggctgtatgcgtcaacgtgaaaccggcaccgg
>non-promoter squence 1793
ggtgcttttgccgttacgcaccaccccgtcagtagctgaacaggagggacagctgatagaaacagaagccactggagcacc
>non-promoter squence 1794
aacgccattcatggccatatcaatgattttctggtgcgtaccgggttgagaagcggtgtaagtgaactgcagttgccatgt
>non-promoter squence 1795
agacgatgacgtcactgcccggctgtatgcgcgaggttaccgactgcggcctgagttttttaagtgacgtaaaatcgtgtt
>non-promoter squence 1796
tagtgcgttcaccgaatacgtgcgcaacaaccgtcttccggagactgtcatacgcgtaaaacagccagcgctggcgcgatt
>non-promoter squence 1797
gcttgctgattacgtgcagctttcccttcaggcgggattcatacagcggccagccatccgtcatccatatcaccacgtcaa
>non-promoter squence 1798
aatgcccgatgactttgtcatgcagctccaccgattttgagaacgacagcgacttccgtcccagccgtgccaggtgctgcc
>non-promoter squence 1799
gaaaacccggaaaaatatccgcagctgaccatccgtgtatctggctacgcagtacgtttcaactcgctgactaaagaacag
>non-promoter squence 1800
gttcgtaagaccaacctggctggtctgatggatggttacttccaccacgaagcatccatcgaaggtggtcagcacctgaac
>non-promoter squence 1801
gaccagaaaggtgcagtagcctctctgacttccgttgctaaactgccgtttgcttacgctaaagatggtatctcctacacc
>non-promoter squence 1802
actcagtctgttctgaccatcacttctaacgttgtgtatggtaagaaaacgggtaacaccccagacggtcgtcgtgctggc
>non-promoter squence 1803
gaaggcgaatacccgcagtttggtaacaatgatccgcgtgtagatgacctggctgttgacctggtagaacgtttcatgaag
>non-promoter squence 1804
cgcaccatggcgtgtggtatcgctggtctgtccgttgctgctgactccctgtctgcaatcaaatatgcgaaagttaaaccg
>non-promoter squence 1805
gatcacttcatggactggctggctaaacagtacatcactgcactgaacatcatccactacatgcacgacaagtacagctac
>non-promoter squence 1806
aaaaccatgctgtacgcaatcaacggcggcgttgacgaaaaactgaaaatgcaggttggtccgaagtctgaaccgatcaaa
>non-promoter squence 1807
gagaacgatgacctgatgcgtccggacttcaacaacgatgactacgctattgcttgctgcgtaagcccgatgatcgttggt
>non-promoter squence 1808
ctgtacaccatgggtccgtctccggaaccgaacatgaccattctgtggtctgaaaaactgccgctgaacttcaagaaattc
>non-promoter squence 1809
actccggaatacgatgaactgttctctggcgacccgatctgggcaaccgaatctatcggtggtatgggcctcgacggtcgt
>non-promoter squence 1810
tccaccttcctggatgtgtacatcgaacgtgacctgaaagctggcaagatcaccgaacaagaagcgcaggaaatggttgac
>non-promoter squence 1811
tacggctacgacatctctggtccggctaccaacgctcaggaagctatccagtggacttacttcggctacctggctgctgtt
>non-promoter squence 1812
ttcacttctctgcaggctgatctggaaaacggcgtaaacctggaacagactatccgtctgcgcgaagaaatcgctgaacag
>non-promoter squence 1813
cgtaaatctggtgttctgaccggtctgccagatgcatatggccgtggccgtatcatcggtgactaccgtcgcgttgcgctg
>non-promoter squence 1814
ggttcctgcaaagcgtacaaccgcgaactggatccgatgatcaaaaaaatcttcactgaataccgtaaaactcacaaccag
>non-promoter squence 1815
accatcacctctcacgacgctggctacatcaacaagcagcttgagaaaatcgttggtctgcagactgaagctccgctgaaa
>non-promoter squence 1816
gagtccttcctggctggcgctactgaagcgaccaccaccctgtgggacaaagtaatggaaggcgttaaactggaaaaccgc
>non-promoter squence 1817
atggatcttggttgctatcgcggtttgcgtcatcgtcgtggtctcccggttcgcggtcagcgtaccaagaccaacgcacgt
>non-promoter squence 1818
gaagatgttaagatcagtgagctgtctgaaggacaaatcgacacgctgcgtgacgaagttgccaaatttgtcgttgaaggt
>non-promoter squence 1819
aacttcgaagctatgcaaggcttccacgccggatggcgtaaatccggtattggcggcgcagatggtaaacatggcttgcat
>non-promoter squence 1820
atctcaatggctaatgacagtgattacggcctgacctcatcaatctatacccaaaatctgaacgtcgcgatgaaagccatt
>non-promoter squence 1821
aaaggatattattatccgccgacattgctgctggatgttcgccaggaaatgtcgattatgcatgaggaaacctttggcccg
>non-promoter squence 1822
aacgacattgcgatggggccgttgattaacgccgcggcgctggaaagggtcgagcaaaaagtggcgcgcgcagtagaagaa
>non-promoter squence 1823
agtgggcaagtgtgtaactgtgcagaacgtgtttatgtacagaaaggcatttatgatcagttcgtcaatcggctgggtgaa
>non-promoter squence 1824
gcggcgaaaaacatcaccaaagtgtgtctggaattggggggtaaagcaccagctatcgtaatggacgatgccgatcttgaa
>non-promoter squence 1825
gtgtttaaccttgtactggggcgtggtgaaaccgttgggcaagaactggcgggtaacccaaaggtcgcaatggtcagtatg
>non-promoter squence 1826
cgcaaaatggctcccgctcttttgaccggtaataccatcgtcattaaacctagtgaatttacgccaaacaatgcgattgca
>non-promoter squence 1827
cgttacgagggcgagattattcaaagcgatcgtccaggagaaaatattcttttgtttaaacgtgcgcttggtgtgactacc
>non-promoter squence 1828
gaacgcgccagtgaaatcagtgcgctgattgttgaagaagggggcaagatccagcagctggctgaagtcgaagtggctttt
>non-promoter squence 1829
ggtcaggccgaggatgcccgtaaggcaatcgatgcagcagaacgtgcacaaccagaatgggaagcgttgcctgctattgaa
>non-promoter squence 1830
tctcagcgtcgtaaactgctcgactacctgaaacgtaaagacgtagcacgttacacccagctcatcgagcgcctgggtctg
>non-promoter squence 1831
gacaccggttctaccgaagttcaggtagcactgctgactgcacagatcaaccacctgcagggccactttgcagagcacaaa
>non-promoter squence 1832
caggttgagatcctgccgatgatgtacctggcgctgtcctacgatcaccgtctgatcgatggtcgcgaatccgtgggcttc
>non-promoter squence 1833
gcggtggttgaagccctgaaacgttacccggaagtgaacgcttctatcgacggcgatgacgtggtttaccacaactatttc
>non-promoter squence 1834
atgctgaccacgttcaacgaagtcaacatgaagccgattatggatctgcgtaagcagtacggtgaagcgtttgaaaaacgc
>non-promoter squence 1835
aacagcgccggtaaagaaaccagcgccaaatctgaagagaaagcgtccactccggcgcaacgccagcaggcgtctctggaa
>non-promoter squence 1836
gaaactgacaaagtggtactggaagtaccggcatcagcagacggcattctggatgcggttctggaagatgaaggtacaacg
>non-promoter squence 1837
ggcttccgtgcaggcgacaacgcgccgatggcttacatcgagctggttgatcgttcagagaaagcagaagctgctgcagag
>non-promoter squence 1838
gctaatcgtcgtctggcattcgcccgtactcgtgataacgagatcgtggcaaaactgtttaacgaactgggcccgcgtttc
>non-promoter squence 1839
tcgaacgcggttgacggtgatttacaggcccgcgtcgaagccctggaaatcgaagtggcagaactgaaacagcgtcttgat
>non-promoter squence 1840
gcaaatcgcgaagatggtccttttgtggtgcgtctggcccgcgaaccgggtaaacgcgaaaaccgctacatgcatcttttc
>non-promoter squence 1841
gcgttaatcaccacgttgttattgcgtggtgcccagacgccaggtgaactgcgcagccgcgccgcgcgaatgtatgaattc
>non-promoter squence 1842
aatctggtcaaacgtcattatctacgcacagtgagcggttttggtaatcgggtcaccaaatatgagcaacgtttttgtaat
>non-promoter squence 1843
caacgtctggcgaagtggattgatggttttgccggggcgttatttgccggatttggcattcatttgattatttcgcggtga
>non-promoter squence 1844
ggtgataacgttggcactaccgcgcgctggggcatttttgcgctgatcattgtcgaaacgctggcgtggtttaccgtcgtt
>non-promoter squence 1845
gcacctgcgccacaggtcgagctggcgaaaagtgggcgcagtttcctgaaaggtttactgaccaatctcgctaatccgaaa
>non-promoter squence 1846
catttgattatcgaaaaaatggcctggctgcatacgctgattatggtgggcggtggcctgtatctctgctggatgggttac
>non-promoter squence 1847
gtgggcgatgtgattgatgtagggccactgcatatcaccatcattgaagccaatgattatcgtgttgatctggttcgcatt
>non-promoter squence 1848
aaaggcggtacagatttgcatgccttgcagcaggcgcttgatgttgagcaccttgccgatgacgatgatatcgcgacggtc
>non-promoter squence 1849
gagtttggtgtggtacaaggtctggtcacgccgctggatgtgctggaagccattgcgggtgaattcccggacgctgacgaa
>non-promoter squence 1850
gttgatgtggcggcgattgcttcggcgtctccggcgattatcgtcccggaaaccctcgatccgatcaacctgttgggcgtg
>non-promoter squence 1851
gaaatccgcgagcaactgctctcttcaccgcacagtctgttcccggtatgtcgcggtgaactggatgaaatcatcggtatt
>non-promoter squence 1852
  tttgccgaagaagaacgttacatgattaacggcgtactgacgctggcgtcgcgttctctgcgcgggatcatgacgccgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1853
actttgccgctgcgagcgcgtactgccgatgccatcctgcgtttgatgggcgggaaacgtcaggccaatgttcagcacgat
>non-promoter squence 1854
gtggcagaaggtttcggtttccacattccgaaaggttacctgtatgccgcgattggcttctcgatcatcatcgaagtgttt
>non-promoter squence 1855
gtagtgattgcgatggcggttatgttgctggcatccaaaccgctgacgcgattcgttaaccagcaccccacggtggtggtg
>non-promoter squence 1856
ggctacgccagtttctgggtggtcgtcacacagattgtcatccttgacgccgtcttctcgttggatgcggtaattactgca
>non-promoter squence 1857
ttctccttctccggacgcgacctgattatgttgttcggggggatattcttgctgttcaaagcaacaaccgaactgcatgaa
>non-promoter squence 1858
aaacaacgcgataaagcgcgtttgctggggttatcactggcgctgattatgcgtctggggctgctgtcgctgatttcatgg
>non-promoter squence 1859
ggtacattcccgcaactgaaccttgcgccggttaacttcgatgcgctgttcatgaactatttgcagcagcaggctggcgaa
>non-promoter squence 1860
ggcggtattttctccatcgcgggtatcgaaggcacccagatggcgcattgcctgggagcatactgcccgaacattctgttc
>non-promoter squence 1861
aaacttgatctggatacggcatcttcccaactggcagatgacgtatacgaagtggtactgcgtgttaccgtaacggcctct
>non-promoter squence 1862
ctgacctcccgcgtggacgacgcggagctggctaatttccgcgagcagcttcagcaggccgggctcgcgctctcgcgcgcg
>non-promoter squence 1863
cagacccgcgagcaaggctacgccctggacagcgaagagaacgagcagggcgtgcgctgcgtggcggtgccggtgtggaac
>non-promoter squence 1864
aaggtgttgattgcctggctgggcgaggccgagctgaacgccctgctggagggctatcagtacactacctttacgcccgcc
>non-promoter squence 1865
catctggggatcctggacgggcgtgaaggggtctatatcgagaagattgaaggcaagctggccgccatcgcctattcacgc
>non-promoter squence 1866
aagtatcgcctcggcatgaagctggtcgagcgcggccattttgtcgtgggctccatcgatattcggcagaaggcaaaaggc
>non-promoter squence 1867
gccaccgagcttaagatcaccgacatcagcaaactgatggggctgagcaagagtaccctccactcgctgctaaaaaccctg
>non-promoter squence 1868
ctggcagcaacggttggcaccgcggaacagaaagcgcatctcaatacgttaatggccgaaatggcggcattaaaagagaac
>non-promoter squence 1869
tcgaactggaattttcttgatcaggaattgcttacctggtggatgacagaagagaactttcatcaggtcatcgatcacttt
>non-promoter squence 1870
attgagctgggcgagcaatttggagtgagtcgtacagcggtacgcgaagcggtcaaaacgttaacggcaaaagggatggtt
>non-promoter squence 1871
tcgttcctcgacaacattctgagccgtggcggttcagaagagccgatggatctgttcaaacgcttccgtggtcgtgaaccg
>non-promoter squence 1872
catattttcgccggtggttatgccgcaggttactacagctacctgtgggctgacgtactggcggcagatgctttctcgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1873
cttcatgccgagttccgcccggatcagggggcaaaaatcctcgaaactctggcagaaatcaagaaactggttgccgtggtg
>non-promoter squence 1873
cactatgaaaccggcgaaccgctgccgaaagagttgctggataaaatgctggcggcgaagaactaccaggcggcgctgttt
>non-promoter squence 1874
cgcatcgaaaccgctggtgtttccggtatcagcggtgtgccgtgggatgcggtcgaactgccgagtcagtttatggaaaac
>non-promoter squence 1875
gtcgcgtatttgacttgtaacttcaaccgcccggtaaatggtaaaccggcgctgttcactcacgacgaagtgatcaccctc
>non-promoter squence 1876
aacgaactgcgcggtagcttctacctcgatctgtatgcccgtgaaaacaagcgcggcggggcgtggatggatgactgcgta
>non-promoter squence 1877
aaagcggttaacggcctgtttgaagtggttaagcgtatttacggcatcaccgctaaagagcgtaaagatgttgatgtctgg
>non-promoter squence 1878
aaagccgaatttggcgtcgatgagttgcagccgtgggatatcgcttactacagcgaaaaacaaaaacagcacctctacagc
>non-promoter squence 1879
aaatcccttgccactaaaatggcagaaaacccgcagcaggtgctggatttcttaaccgatctggcaaaacgcgcgcgtcca
>non-promoter squence 1880
acccgcgcctccgatcaaggcccaaacgccggtaaatgggataacagcaaggtgatggaagagatcctcgcgctgcgtcac
>non-promoter squence 1881
caggccgaagcgaaagagctggaaggttatttgctgacgctggatatcccaagctacttgccggtaatgacctactgcgac
>non-promoter squence 1882
gaactgggcaaccagtacagcaacaacgtcctcgatgcgacaatgggctggaccaaactcgttaccgacgaagcggagctg
>non-promoter squence 1883
acgctgaacacggcgcagaagaaagcggttgataacgcactgcgcgactttgaactctctggcataggtctgccgaaagag
>non-promoter squence 1884
gaactgcgtgaagcctacgaacaaaccctgccgctgctgtcggaatacagcacctgggtagggcaacatgaagggctgtat
>non-promoter squence 1885
gtagcgcaaggggcaccgtacacctgggaaaatctctgccagccgctggcggaagtggacgatgtgttggggcgtatcttc
>non-promoter squence 1886
cttggcaaagaaacaattctgttacgtaccggctggaccgcgttcgatgaagaaaagaccgaactgatcaaccagacggtg
>non-promoter squence 1887
attagtccgctacacagccacctgacacgcctgattgccgcctggaccggctgcgacgccaatgacacccgcatgatcctt
>non-promoter squence 1888
cgcgcctgcaggaacatgattaagctgctcacccaggatgacaccgtcaacctcagcaagtttatctcccgtgagcagctc
>non-promoter squence 1889
gcctgcgcccagtggattgccgattttattggcgagcagttccgtccgcatgccgaggaagccgaacgcttgttcgcgcaa
>non-promoter squence 1890
gttgacagcatttctgtcaaacgtcgtggtgctgttcgtaaagctaaactgtactacctgcgtgagcgtactggtaaggct
>non-promoter squence 1891
caggcattcgagggcgtggttatcgctattcgtaaccgcggtctgcactctgcattcactgttcgtaaaatttccaacggc
>non-promoter squence 1892
ggaacactgcttaacccggtagttgccggagcggcaatggcgctctcgtcgattaccgtagtgagtaacgccaaccggttg
>non-promoter squence 1893
gcggatgcgctcgctatttcccgcgcaacgctgcacaacatgaagcagaacctgctcggtgcgtttatctacaacagtatc
>non-promoter squence 1894
ggcattaacgacgcgccagcgctggctcaggcggatgtcggcattgcgatgggtggcggcagtgatgttgccattgaaacc
>non-promoter squence 1895
aatgcgatcgccaaagaagcagggattgatgaggtgatcgccggggtgctgccggacggtaaagccgaagcgatcaaacat
>non-promoter squence 1896
gcggtagccctgctggcagtacgcgatccgttgcgtagtgatagcgtggcggcgctgcaacgcctgcataaagcgggatat
>non-promoter squence 1897
ttgctgggcaatcaggcgctgttaaatgagcaacaggttggtaccaaagctatcgaagcggagattactgctcaggcatcg
>non-promoter squence 1898
agccatccgctggcacgagcgatcctcgataaagcaggtgatatgcagctaccgcaggtcaacggtttccgcacattgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1899
gtgttcgataaaaccgggacgctgactgaagggaagccgcaggttgtcgcagtgaaaacatttgctgatgttgatgaagcg
>non-promoter squence 1900
tgtgcgctggggctggcgacgccgatgtcgattatttccggcgtcgggcgggcggctgagtttggcgtgctggtgcgggac
>non-promoter squence 1901
gtgccggtagtggtggttattgcgcttgtcagtgcggcaatctggtatttctttggtccggcaccgcagattgtctatacc
>non-promoter squence 1902
tttcgtgccagtgcggttggcagccatactacgctgtcacgaatcattcgcatggtgcgccaggcccagagcagcaagcca
>non-promoter squence 1903
attacccagggcgaagcatggctggatgaagcgatgctgacgggcgaaccaatcccgcagcaaaaaggcgaaggcgatagc
>non-promoter squence 1904
accccgccgacggcacgcctggttactgacgaaggtgaaaaaagcgtgcctctggcagaagtgcagccaggtatgttgctg
>non-promoter squence 1905
gcgcgacatctttattacgaagccagcgcgatgattatcggtctgatcaatctcggccatatgctggaagcgcgcgcacgc
>non-promoter squence 1906
gcatggaaaagcctgctgaacggtgcggcgacgatggatacgctggtggcgctgggtactggcgtggcgtggctctattcg
>non-promoter squence 1907
gtctgggggatgatcggcgataacatgatggtcaccgctgacaaccgcagcctgtggttggttatcggcctgataaccctg
>non-promoter squence 1908
gcggaagcgattgaagatgacgctaaacgccgcgagcgccagcaagaaaccgccgtcgctacgatgaagcgcttccgctgg
>non-promoter squence 1909
ctgcaaagcgtaccgggcgtcactcaggcacgggtaaacctggcggagcgtactgcgctggtgatgggcagtgcctcccca
>non-promoter squence 1910
gaagcactgacagcggtttctgaggcgcttccggcagcgaccgccgatgacgatgacagccagcagttgctgctgagcggc
>non-promoter squence 1911
gcgcacgttaccgggactgccagtgcagaacagctgatcgaaaccatcaaacaagcgggttatgacgcatctgtaagccac
>non-promoter squence 1912
ctgaaagacaccatccgtggctttaaaggcatcatggaaggcgaatacgatcacctgccggagcaggcgttctacatggtc
>non-promoter squence 1913
gatgaactgtctgaagaagacaaactggtggtagcgcgtgctcgtaagatccagcgcttcctgtcccagccgttcttcgtg
>non-promoter squence 1914
accagccgtcagctggacccgctggtggttggtcaggaacactacgacaccgcgcgtggcgttcagtccatcctgcaacgt
>non-promoter squence 1915
gcggatgacttgactgacccgtctccggcaaccacctttgcgcaccttgacgcaaccgtggtactgagccgtcagatcgcg
>non-promoter squence 1916
cgtatgccttcagcggtaggttatcagccgaccctggcggaagagatgggcgttctgcaggaacgtatcacctccaccaaa
>non-promoter squence 1917
gctctgaccggtctgaccatggctgagaaattccgtgacgaaggtcgtgacgttctgctgttcgttgacaacatctatcgt
>non-promoter squence 1918
ggtgaacgtactcgtgagggtaacgacttctaccacgaaatgaccgactccaacgttatcgacaaagtatccctggtgtat
>non-promoter squence 1919
gctaagggcggtaaagttggtctgttcggtggtgcgggtgtaggtaaaaccgtaaacatgatggagctcattcgtaacatc
>non-promoter squence 1920
gagatcggtgaagaagagcgttgggcgattcaccgcgcagcaccttcctacgaagagctgtcaaactctcaggaactgctg
>non-promoter squence 1921
gacggtctgcgtcgcggtctggatgtaaaagacctcgaacacccgattgaagtcccggtaggtaaagcgactctgggccgt
>non-promoter squence 1922
gccatccgtaaccgcgttaagtctcaggcgatcgaaggtctggtaaaagctaacgacatcgacgtaccggctgcgctgatc
>non-promoter squence 1923
gaagagcgtgaactgccggaactgactgcagaattcatcaaacgtttcggcgttgaagatggttccgtagaaggtctgcgc
>non-promoter squence 1924
cacgctttattcagcgaacagcaaaaatgtctgtttatccctggcgactggttaggtcgcattgaagccagcctacaggat
>non-promoter squence 1925
gtcgttcgcgatgtaagtttacaaggcagtacgctggcacttcccggttcatcggctgaaggtctgcctggtgaaataaaa
>non-promoter squence 1926
tcctttgagcgtagcgcgctggaacagtggctgagcaaaggtggtgaaattcgcggtaaactgaacggtatcggctttgcc
>non-promoter squence 1927
ctgggcggcattttcagccgtcgtcagcagtatcaacttcctgttaacgttactgcttccactctgactctactgctgcaa
>non-promoter squence 1928
ttgatgaccggtcacgcctggcaacagcaagggatgttgactcgccttggcgcgattgtgcaacgtcacctgcaactccag
>non-promoter squence 1929
caggccagcgccttttttagcggtcgcagtgctgttgccccggtagatctcattttgctgaaagattgcctgtggtatgac
>non-promoter squence 1930
gaaattacgctgcccgatcatgtatttgagctgatttttatgctgcgccagcaactggataaattaccggatgcgccttat
>non-promoter squence 1931
caggataaagcgaatttccgctccatgctgaccagtcaacaggatgaaaacgacaatccggttcctgatgccttgcaggtc
>non-promoter squence 1932
cacgtagaaaaaatcccgatgcgtctgctggtggcggcctccaacgagctgccggaagcagacagcagtctggaagcgtta
>non-promoter squence 1933
accagcggttacctgccggaagcagaaattgtctttctggatgagatctggaaagcgggcccggcaattcttaataccttg
>non-promoter squence 1934
ttcgcctttcagaatgcccgcgcgtttgaatatctgatgacccgcttctccacgccggaagaagtttttggtcccctttct
>non-promoter squence 1935
gggctttatgaacgtagccacgccatccgcttgtgtttattagcggcattaagtggtgaaagtgtgttcctccttggcccg
>non-promoter squence 1936
acggtctggggcggcaatcttattccggcgattgtcattctctttggtataaccgtgattttgtgctggttcggcaacgtc
>non-promoter squence 1937
ttcccgaacggctttatttacgggatcggcggtgccgggctgtgcgccaccatctgggcggtcattattcccgcagtgctt
>non-promoter squence 1938
ggtgtcacgctggggttgttcgattatctggcggacctgtttaagattgataactcccacggcgggcgtttcaaaaccgtg
>non-promoter squence 1939
atctcctcaggcggcaacgttgattcgctggtgaaatcgttcctcggcaccaaacagcacggcattatcgagttttgcctg
>non-promoter squence 1940
aaacgcaaagataagttaatcaaaagcgtggtatttggttcgctgctggcgctggtgatttatctcttctggctctattgc
>non-promoter squence 1941
atctcctttgtgatcgtgtttggttcttttttcttccaggtcgattactccattctgcgcgacgccaccagctccactgcg
>non-promoter squence 1942
ggttatcacgctaatccacgtattgtcgggatctgcacagccattttcgttgccagcgtattgtggttaagttcgttagcc
>non-promoter squence 1943
atcggtaacacctggaacattatcagcggtattaccgttgccttcgttctctatatcctcacttatgcctatatctctgct
>non-promoter squence 1944
tggggtgcctttatccttatcattgcctggttttcaatgcttcattccgggttattgttattagaagcaaatttaaattat
>non-promoter squence 1945
ggtttactggtgccagaagagcgcagtgttttgcctgtgtttgataccgcggcgatccatgccgaggatgctgtcgctttt
>non-promoter squence 1946
atttttgaagaactgtgtctggggcaatttaccgaagcgtcacgcgcttattgtgcgcaagtgattgctcgccttgcagaa
>non-promoter squence 1947
gcgctgctgggtacgcgttacaccatggaacaggatttttatcgcgggcggctgacggaacaattttccatcaattgtctt
>non-promoter squence 1948
ctatgtaccaatacgatgcataaagtggcggatgccattgagtcacgttgcactctgcctttcttacacattgcggatgcc
>non-promoter squence 1949
catagcgtcgattttcatgaaatagaagagtgccagcgtcgcggggaatgggataaaaccggggacattctggctgaggcg
>non-promoter squence 1950
ctcaagctggtcgataaagtcattggcatcaccaatgaagaagcgatttctaccgcgcgtcgtctgatggaagaagaaggt
>non-promoter squence 1951
gtcgccgttgagccaaccgattctccagttatcgcccaggcgctggcaggtgaagagattaaacctggcccgcataaaatt
>non-promoter squence 1952
atatgggaagataccgacggtcaggttgatgtatttattgctggcgttgggactggcggtacgctgactggcgtcagccgc
>non-promoter squence 1953
agacgacgacgttgataggccgggtgtgtaagcgcagcgatgcgttgagctaaccggtactaatgaaccgtgaggcttaac
>non-promoter squence 1954
tgccaatggcactgcccggtagctaaatgcggaagagataagtgctgaaagcatctaagcacgaaacttgccccgagatga
>non-promoter squence 1955
gggtttagaacgtcgtgagacagttcggtccctatctgccgtgggcgctggagaactgaggggggctgctcctagtacgag
>non-promoter squence 1956
accgcccaagagttcatatcgacggcggtgtttggcacctcgatgtcggctcatcacatcctggagctgaagtaggtccca
>non-promoter squence 1957
gcttgactgcgagcgtgacggcgcgagcaggtgcgaaagcaggtcatagtgatccggtggttctgaatggaagggccatcg
>non-promoter squence 1958
gcggacagtgtctggtgggtagtttgactggggcggtctcctcctaaagagtaacggaggagcacgaaggttggctaatcc
>non-promoter squence 1959
agccttgatgtgtaggataggtgggaggctttgaagtgtggacgccagtctgcatggagccgaccttgaaataccaccctt
>non-promoter squence 1960
atggccaggctgtctccacccgagactcagtgaaattgaactcgctgtgaagatgcagtgtacccgcggcaagacggaaag
>non-promoter squence 1961
gggtcagcgcaagcgaagctcttgatcgaagccccggtaaacggcggccgtaactataacggtcctaaggtagcgaaattc
>non-promoter squence 1962
ctgaaatcagtcgaagataccagctggctgcaactgtttattaaaaacacagcactgtgcaaacacgaaagtggacgtata
>non-promoter squence 1963
tggtcaggtagagaataccaaggcgcttgagagaactcgggtgaaggaactaggcaaaatggtgccgtaacttcgggagaa
>non-promoter squence 1964
gaaaatcaaggctgaggcgtgatgacgaggcactacggtgctgaagcaacaaatgccctgcttccaggaaaagcctctaag
>non-promoter squence 1965
ggaaacaggttaatattcctgtacttggtgttactgcgaaggggggacggagaaggctatgttggccgggcgacggttgtc
>non-promoter squence 1966
cataagtaacgataaagcgggtgaaaagcccgctcgccggaagaccaagggttcctgtccaacgttaatcggggcagggtg
>non-promoter squence 1967
taaaccatgcaccgaagctgcggcagcgacgcttatgcgttgttgggtaggggagcgttctgtaagcctgcgaaggtgtgc
>non-promoter squence 1968
agtgggaaacgatgtgggaaggcccagacagccaggatgttggcttagaagcagccatcatttaaagaaagcgtaatagct
>non-promoter squence 1969
cccgatgcaaactgcgaataccggagaatgttatcacgggagacacacggcgggtgctaacgtccgtcgtgaagagggaaa
>non-promoter squence 1970
aaaggccaatcaaaccgggagatagctggttctccccgaaagctatttaggtagcgcctcgtgaattcatctccgggggta
>non-promoter squence 1971
agggtatagacccgaaacccggtgatctagccatgggcaggttgaaggttgggtaacactaactggaggaccgaaccgact
>non-promoter squence 1972
acgcttaggcgtgtgactgcgtaccttttgtataatgggtcagcgacttatattctgtagcaaggttaaccgaatagggga
>non-promoter squence 1973
caaggctaaatactcctgactgaccgatagtgaaccagtaccgtgagggaaaggcgaaaagaaccccggcgaggggagtga
>non-promoter squence 1974
gcgtctggaaaggcgcgcgatacagggtgacagccccgtacacaaaaatgcacatattgtgagctcgatgagtagggcggg
>non-promoter squence 1975
aaccgggggaactgaaacatctaagtaccccgaggaaaagaaatcaaccgagattcccccagtagcggcgagcgaacgggg
>non-promoter squence 1976
ctaatctgcgataagcgtcggtaaggtgatatgaaccgttataaccggcgatttccgaatggggaaacccagtgtgtttcg
>non-promoter squence 1977
ggtatgcgtcgcctgactcgtgaacattgcgatgagttgatcagcatcccgatggctggaagcgtttcttccctgaacgtt
>non-promoter squence 1978
atgcgtatgttgcaggaagagaatatctggatcgtcggtacggcaggcgaggcggatcatacactctatcagagcaaaatg
>non-promoter squence 1979
gttcatgcggtgattgtgccgaaagatcgctccgcacagctcaacgctacggcgaaaaaagtagcctgcggcgcggcagaa
>non-promoter squence 1980
caggaaaacgatctgccggatctgatcgcttcgctcgatcaaccgttcctgctgatcctcgacggcgtaaccgatccgcac
>non-promoter squence 1981
cacgcccttgagtctcagggcgtggttatccagttggcaaaccgccaatatctcgacgagaaaagcgacggtgccgtgcat
>non-promoter squence 1982
atttcccgcgctcagctgcaggaaatcgcgcagaccaaagctgccgacatgactggtgccgacattgaagcgatgactcgc
>non-promoter squence 1983
gtttacgctgaccgttctttcactttcgttaccaagaccccgccggcagcagttctgctgaaaaaagcggctggtatcaag
>non-promoter squence 1984
attaacgcctcgccgattgtccgcctggtgacgcatcttgacgtctcgcgcgaacaactggcggaagtcgccgcccactgg
>non-promoter squence 1985
gagcagctgcgtgaagcaggcgcggatgtgatgcgtcaggacaccaatatgctgtttgttcgcgtcggggaagaaaatgct
>non-promoter squence 1986
cggaaaatgacaggtggcgggatgcgccagtccggcattctggctgccgccgggatatatgccctgaaaaataacgttgcg
>non-promoter squence 1987
ctgaaagagatcacgcaatattgtgattcgttcaccatttgcctgtcgaaaggtcttgggacgccagtcggttcattactc
>non-promoter squence 1988
ggcaaagtgttgccgcgggaatacctgaaagaagcatgggaatttacccgcgagcgcaatctggcgctgcatgttgacggt
>non-promoter squence 1989
caacccatagacgcggctgccgacggcacgctaccgctggataaagtggcgatgaaaatcaaacccgacgatatccatttc
>non-promoter squence 1990
gccaacctggtcgctctgctcagtcactgcgaacgcggcgaagagtatattgtcggtcaggccgcgcataactatctgttt
>non-promoter squence 1991
atggccgccccggttggggacgacgtttacggagacgaccctaccgttaatgctctgcaggactacgcagcagagctttcc
>non-promoter squence 1992
gaaccggttgacgaggaagatctggataccatcgacggcagtgccgcggaaggggacgatgaaatcgctccggaagtggac
>non-promoter squence 1993
CGGGCGCGCCGGGTTCACCGCCAGCGCCGTCTGCAGTGTGACCGATACGCCGCCCACATTACTGGTGTGCCTGAATCGT
GG
>non-promoter squence 1994
CACACTGGAAGCAATAAATGAAGTGGGCATGCACGATGCAACGATCGCGCAGATCGCCCGCCGTGCAGGCGTTTCTAC
GGG
>non-promoter squence 1995
ACTGAAGCGCACAATGAAAACGCGTCACCTGATTATGCTTTCCTTGGGCGGCGTGATTGGCACAGGATTATTCTTCAATA
C
>non-promoter squence 1996
CTTTTTCCCGCAGTATCATCCCGTCACGACGTTTAATAGTGGGCTTAGTGGCGGGAGTTTTCTCATTGAACATCAGGGCC
A
>non-promoter squence 1997
CGCCGGGTGTGTGGGGCAACGTGAACCTGCACCGGTAGAAGAAGTGAAACCAGCGCCGGAACAACCAGCCGAGCCA
CAACA
>non-promoter squence 1998
TCCTCCTGTCGCATTGCTGGAAAAATTCCCCGCTACTGAAAATGCCGCGAATACGGTTGCCCATGCCCGAAAAGCGATCC
A
>non-promoter squence 1999
CCATACCTACGAGCACGATCCGGCTGAAACCAATTTTGGCGATGAAGTCGTCAAAAAATTAGGTTTGAATCCGGATCAG
GT
>non-promoter squence 2000
GCGCGATTTAGACCGGGATACTGCGCGCGGTCTGTATGCTCATATGCTCAATGGTGAAGTCCCTGACCTTGAGTTGGGC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2001
AAGCCACGAGCGCCATGCATTGCCTGGTGTTATCGGTGACGATCTTTTGCGATTTGGGAAGCTGCCACTCTGCCTGTTCA
T
>non-promoter squence 2002
CCTGTTCAACGCGCTGACCAAAGCCGGTATTGAAGCGGCCAACTTTCCATTCTGCACCATTGAGCCGAACACAGGCGTC
GT
>non-promoter squence 2003
CGTTAAGGTATTCGAGGAAGCCTGGCCCTTACATACCCCGTTTGTGATTGCCCGGGGAAGTCGCAGTGAAGCGCGCGT
GGT
>non-promoter squence 2004
CGGGAGTGTTATTCAGCGCGATGACCTGGTGCAGTACACGACAACTGACGATGCAACCAGCTCCGGTGGTGTCCTGCG
CGT
>non-promoter squence 2005
ACTTGCACAAAAGCGTCATAAGGATATGAATAAATTGAAATATCTTATGACGCTTCTTATCAATAATACTTTACCGCTTCC
>non-promoter squence 2006
ACATTACGATTGCCGCCCGGATGACGAAACACCCACCCTGCTGGTGGTGCACAATATTAGCCTGCCGCCAGGCGAGTTT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2007
ACGTTATACCGATATTGCCGATCAAATCTGGGATCATCCAGAAACACGTTTTGAAGAGTTCTGGTCAGCGGAGCATCTGG
C
>non-promoter squence 2008
GGCAATGTCTCTGAGTGCCTGTTCTAACTGGTCTAAACGGGACCGCAACACCGCAATCGGCGCGGGTGCAGGGGCATT
AGG
>non-promoter squence 2009
TGCCTGCACCACAGTCACTCCAGCTTATAAAGATAACGGCACACGCAGTGGTCCTTGCGTTGAAGGAGGCCCGGATAAC
GT
>non-promoter squence 2010
CCCTAAACGCTCCACTCTTAAAAGCCGTTCCGATGTTGAACTGGAACGTCAATTCACCTTCAAACATTCAGGTCAGAGCT
G
>non-promoter squence 2011
CATTGTACCGTTGCTGGACGTACTGCTGGTGCTGTTGCTGATCTTTATGGCGACAGCGCCCATCATCACCCAGAGCGTGG
A
>non-promoter squence 2012
ATTTGCCAGCTTTGCGGCTGTCGAAGTTCAGTCAACGCCAGAAGGCCAACAAAAAGTCGGTACAATCAGTGCTAACGC
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2013
AGCTCGCGTTGTAGATATCGCCGTTAAAGGCGGAAAAATTGCTGCTATCGGTCAGGATCTGGGCGATGCAAAAGAAGTT
AT
>non-promoter squence 2014
TGATGTGCTCGGGGCGGCGGTGACACCTGTTGATGGTGCATTGCTCGGAGATGTAGTCACGGTTGAGGCGGCAGAGA
CATT
>non-promoter squence 2015
TACCATCGCATCTGATGACCTGTGGATCGAGAGTTTAGCGATCCAACAATTACACACCACGGCAAATTTACCCAACATGC
A
>non-promoter squence 2016
CCTGATAAGTCGCGTCAGCGGCGCATCAGGCATCGGTTGTCGGATGCGACGCTATGCGTCTTATCCGACCTACAGTTCAG
T
>non-promoter squence 2017
CGCGTCAATTGGCGCGAACGCACACATTGGTCCTTTTTGTATCGTTGGACCCCATGTCGAAATTGGTGAGGGTACCGTAC
T
>non-promoter squence 2018
AGAAGCGTTCAAAACCCAAATCAGCAAAATACGCACGGGTCGTGCTTCTCCCAGCCTGCTGGATGGCATTGTCGTGGAA
TA
>non-promoter squence 2019
CTTCTCTTCTGCCAACGCCTTAGCGTTGCAGGCAAAACAGTATGGCGATTTTGATCGCTATGTCCTGGCCCTCTCCTGGC
A
>non-promoter squence 2020
CTGGAAAAACCGTCCTGAAAAGCCAGACGGCAGACGGGCTGTATTACGCAGTCAGGTACTTGAACTGCATGGCATCAG
CCA
>non-promoter squence 2021
CAACACCACCTATCTTGGTTGGATCTGGAGTGGTTTTCAGGTGACGATCGCTTTGTCGATCTGCGCCTGGATTATCGCTTT
>non-promoter squence 2022
ACTTCTTACTGCCGCATTTTTAGCAGCGAGTCCCGCGGCGAAGAGTGCTGTTAATAACGCCTATGATGCATTGATTATTGA
>non-promoter squence 2023
TCGGGCCATAGGGGCAACAGGTTCGGCGGTTGGGGAAGTCGTTTTCAATACTTCAATGACCGGTTATCAAGAAATCCTC
AC
>non-promoter squence 2024
AATCAGCGTTGGTAAAGTTTTTGCTAACGCAGATGAGTGGATGACAACGTTTAGAGAAAATATTGCACAAACCTGGCAA
CA
>non-promoter squence 2025
CGATGCCGGTGGTGTGGTGTACCACGCCAGTTACGTCGCTTTTTATGAAAGAGCACGCACAGAGATGCTGCGTCATCAT
CA
>non-promoter squence 2026
GGCGTTATCTCCGCTCTCTGCAACGGCGGCTGAGACTTCTTCAGCAACGACAGCCCAGCAGATGCCAAGCCTTGCACCG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2027
GCATGCCGTTTACCTGACCGTAGGACTGTTCGTGATTACTTTTTTTAATCCGGGAGCCAATCTCTTTGTGGTAGTACAAAC
>non-promoter squence 2028
GGGAAAATGGTTAGCACGCGGCGCTTATTCGCCAGCTTCGCAAATCCGGGCGCGCGTCTGGACGTTTGACCCGTCTGA
GTC
>non-promoter squence 2029
CATGGTCTTTTTGTTCGTTCAGCCCGATGCCAGCGCTGCTGACATAAGTGCGCAGCAAATAGGTGGGGTGATTATTCCGC
A
>non-promoter squence 2030
GCCGCACCGTTTCCCGTTCTTACTGGTGGATCGCGTGCTGGATTTTGAAGAAGGTCGTTTTCTGCGCGCAGTAAAAAAT
GT
>non-promoter squence 2031
AAGAGGGTTGATGCCAGCATACAGGGGCGAAGCTGGTCAACAAGTCAACATTAAGATAATGGAATATTCGGAGAGAAA
CGT
>non-promoter squence 2032
TCCCGCCAAGACGGTTGAAGATGCAGTAAAAGAGATGCTGGAGCATATGGCCTCGACTCTTGCGCAGGGCGAGCGTAT
TGA
>non-promoter squence 2033
CGCTGCCGTGGCGCTGGCGCTACCGGCAAAAGCCAACACCTGGCCGCTGCCGCCAGCGGGCAGTCGTCTGGTTGGCG
AAAA
>non-promoter squence 2034
CTACTCCTGGCAGTTGTCCCAGAACGACATCGCTGATGTTGAATACCAGTTCCTGGCTGAACAGGATGTAAAAGACGTT
GA
>non-promoter squence 2035
TTTGTTGGCGGTTTTCATTATTGCGGCGTCGGTTGTGACTCGCGCGACCATCGGCGGCGTTATAGAACAGTACAATATTC
C
>non-promoter squence 2036
ATTTGTGGTCCTCGCGCTTGGGCTATGTCTCGGAAAGTTACGACTTGGTTCGATCCAACTGGGTAATTCCATTGGCGTTT
T
>non-promoter squence 2037
GCGTATGGAAGGCAAGCGCGTGGCGCTGGTGCCTACCATGGGTAACCTGCACGATGGCCATATGAAGCTGGTCGACGA
AGC
>non-promoter squence 2038
AATGTGCCGCGTGCTCCGGGTGGCCCGCAGCGGCTGGTATACGTGGTGTCAGCGGCGGACAAGGATAAGCACGCGTC
AGCA
>non-promoter squence 2039
CAAAGGGTTAACCGAAGCCGGTTTTGTGGTCGATTTGGCCGACAACGGGCTGAATGGCTACCATCTGGCGATGACCGG
TGA
>non-promoter squence 2040
TTTTGGCTTTATCACTCCTGATGATGGCAGCAAAGACGTTTTCGTCCATTTCACCGCCATCCAGAGCAATGAATTCCGCAC
>non-promoter squence 2041
AATGCATGCGGAGACGGCTCGCGACTTTCTGGAGATACATTTGCCAGTGGAATTACGCGAACTTTGTGACCTCAACACG
CT
>non-promoter squence 2042
ACGCCCTCGTCGCCTGCGCAAATCTCCTGCGCTGCGCGCTATGTTTGAAGAGACAACACTTAGCCTTAACGACCTGGTG
TT
>non-promoter squence 2043
GCCAGCAGAGCTGGCGGATGCCATCGGGCTGTCGTATGACACCTATACCGGAAAGCAGATCAGCAGTCAGCGGGCTAT
GCG
>non-promoter squence 2044
CACGCAGCGAGAATGTATCTACATTAATGAAAGTCGTAATATCGATGTGGCGGCAATAGTTTTATCGCTCAACGATGTTAC
>non-promoter squence 2045
TATCCATTGCCAGGATTGCAGCATCAGCCAGCTTTGCATCCCGTTCACACTCAACGAACATGAGCTTGATCAGCTTGATA
A
>non-promoter squence 2046
CGTCATCTCCCAACGTTGGCTGAATATTTCTCGTCTGCTGGGCTTTGTGAGCGGCATATTGATCATTGCCCAGGCCTGGTT
>non-promoter squence 2047
CGGCGATATCCTGGGGGCCGGTTTAATCCGCGCTCTGAAAGAACATGTGCCCAACGCCCGCTTTGTTGGTGTTGCCGGG
CC
>non-promoter squence 2048
GTTTCGCCCTGATTTATGGGGTAAACCGGTGGTTGTGCTATCGAATAATGACGGTTGCGTTATCGCCCGAAACGCTGAGG
C
>non-promoter squence 2049
GCCAACAGAGGTTAAACAGGTAGTAACTATGGATATGGATCTAAACAATCGCCTGACTGAAGATGAAACGCTTGAACAG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2050
TACCTTCGCCGACAGTGAATTCAGCAGTAAGCGCCGTCAGACCAGAAAAGAGATTTTCTTGTCCCGCATGGAGCAGATT
CT
>non-promoter squence 2051
GTGCTGCACGGCGCAGGCAAACGACCATAAACTCCTCGGCGCCATTGCAATGCCGCGTAACGAAACCAACGATCTGGC
GCT
>non-promoter squence 2052
GTCACTTAAAAAACTCAGGCCGCAGTCGGTAACCTCGCGCATACAGCCGGGCAGTGACGTCATCGTCTGCGCGGAAAT
GGA
>non-promoter squence 2053
CGTTATATTCCCTGACCCATTGTTTATTCGCAAAGGCCAGGGTGTCACTCCTACCGCATTTGCGATGCATCTACATGAGTA
>non-promoter squence 2054
GGCGCTGTTTCTCATCATCACGCTGTTTCCATTTTTTGTGATGCTGATGACCTCGTTCAAGGGCGCGAAAGAGGCGATCT
C
>non-promoter squence 2055
TATTGTCAACATTAACGAATCTAACCTGCAACAGGTTCTTGAACAGTCGATGACCACTCCGGTGCTGTTCTATTTTTGGTC
>non-promoter squence 2056
AATGTGCAGGAACAGGCTTAAGGGTCATGCGACCCAGACTCTGCAAGAAAAGTACCTGAATGCCATCATCCATGCAGGC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2057
TATGGCTCAGTATCAGCAAATGAAAGCACAAGGAATTCGCTTTGTAGTCGCCAGCGGGAATCAATATTATCAGTTGATCT
C
>non-promoter squence 2058
TCCCATTGTCCAGGGTTCGGCAGGTGTAAGAATTGGCGCGCCCACCGGCGTGGCGTGCTCGGTGTGTCCGGGCGGGAT
GAC
>non-promoter squence 2059
TGGCCGACTGGCTGCCGAAGTGCTGGAGATGATCGAACCGTATGTTAAACCGGGCGTCAGCACCGGCGAGCTGGATCG
CAT
>non-promoter squence 2060
GCCAACCATTGCGCCTTTCAAAGCGGGTCTGATCGTGGCGGGCGTAGCGTTAATCCTCAACGCAGCCAGCGATACCTTC
AT
>non-promoter squence 2061
CGTTTGGGCATTGATTGCCGTTATCTTCTGGCAAGCCGGTGGGGGTGACTGGGTGGCGCGTATCACCGGCGCTTCCGG
GCA
>non-promoter squence 2062
GGCTTTGCCGCTGTGGAGCCGCGCAGTATTTGCGGCAGAACGCCCAACGTTACCGATCCCTGATTTGCTCACGACCGAT
GC
>non-promoter squence 2063
CAACAAAATCATTCGTGAGCATGAGGATACGCTCGCAGGGATTGAAGCCACCGGCGTCACGCAGCGTAATGGCGTGCT
GGT
>non-promoter squence 2064
TGGCCTCAATATCCGTCCTGATGGCATCTACATTGATGGGACTTTTGGTCGCGGTGGTCACTCACGTCTGATCCTCTCGCA
>non-promoter squence 2065
CTTCGTTCCCGGCACGCTGGCTGATGGCGTGGTGTATGTCTCCGGTACGCTGGCTTTTGATCAACATAATAACGTGCTGT
T
>non-promoter squence 2066
CTATCAGGCCGGAAGAGGTCACCATGCGCTACTCATTCAGGCGTTACCGGGCATGGGCGATGATGCTTTAATCTACGCCC
T
>non-promoter squence 2067
AGAGTACCCGTGGCTGGCGGAGCGTGACGAAGACGGTGCGGTAGTCACCTTTACTGGTAAGGTGCGCAACCATAACCT
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2068
TATGAACCAGATTGGTGCGCACTATGAAGGCCACAAGATCATTGAGATTGGTGCCGTTGAAGTGGTGAACCGTCGCCTG
AC
>non-promoter squence 2069
GCCGCTGAAACGTGCTACCGATGTCCACTGGCATCCAACGCGTAACCAACGTGCGCCGCAGCGTATCGACACGCTGCAG
CT
>non-promoter squence 2070
TCCGGTGGTTCACCCGACGGCGTTTGTCCATCCCAGTGCCGTCTTGATTGGCGATGTGATTGTGGGAGCCGGTGTCTAC
AT
>non-promoter squence 2071
CGCAGGCATGATGGATTGCAAAAAAGCACTGACTGAAGCTAACGGCGACATCGAGCTGGCAATCGAAAACATGCGTAA
GTC
>non-promoter squence 2072
TGTTACCGTTTATAACTACGATGGTGAAACACGGGAATATATTTCCACTTCAAATGAATATCTTGCCGTTGGTGTCGGCAT
>non-promoter squence 2073
TCTGTTGGCAACGGCAGCGGTAGTACTGGTGCTTTCGCTTGCCTACGGAATGGTCGCGCTGATCGGTTATAGCGTCAGT
TT
>non-promoter squence 2074
CAAGGGGGGCCTGATGGCGCTGCGCTTATCAGGCCTACGCTCGAAAGCATCATTTGGAGGCCGGATAAGACGCTACGC
GTC
>non-promoter squence 2075
TGCGATGTGATAGCTGATATACCCAACGTAATTGGCGTTGCATACAGCACAACCCGCGGGCTCCAATGAACTGACCCACG
C
>non-promoter squence 2076
TTTTGCCCACCTGGCTCGCCGCACCTTAAAATACGACAGATAAAATTATAGGCAGCCATAAAAATAGTGATCTCAAAACG
T
>non-promoter squence 2077
AGCTTACGTAACCCACCACCGGTATCCATTCGTTCTTCAGACTTCTGAAGAAGCGTTCCATTGGGCTGTTATCCCAGCAAT
>non-promoter squence 2078
TTTTGTAGGCCTGATAAGACGTGGCGCATCAGGCATCGTGCACCGAATGCCGGATGCGGCGTGAACGCCTTATCCGTCC
TA
>non-promoter squence 2079
AAACACTGGTTGTAGCTCTTGGGGGCAACGCCTTACTCCAGCGCGGTGAGGCGCTGACGGCAGAAAATCAATATCGCA
ATA
>non-promoter squence 2080
AACGGTGGATCAATATTGGGCCGTTGGTGGAGATATAAGTGGATCACTTTTCATCCGTCGTTGACAACCACTGATGGGCA
A
>non-promoter squence 2081
GCAGACTGCTGACAAAGCTGTTGGTGCTGTTGAATGTTAGGTTACGCTTCGCTCCACTCCACCCAACGGAATCCGCAATA
T
>non-promoter squence 2082
CCTGCTCGTCATTCATCGACTTAATGGACGCAAAAAAGGCCGGTTAAACCGACCTTTTATCCAGCCGCCCTTCAGGGCGT
G
>non-promoter squence 2083
TAATAGTCTTTTTAATATGTGACAATAGTGTTGCTAAGGTGTGATTGAAGCGTGGAGTTTACGCACGTTGAGTGATCACCT
>non-promoter squence 2084
TAAGGCGAGATTATTAAAGTTGCCATGCAGCGTCCGGGGAAGTGTTGGGCGCTGTTTTTTTTGTTTCTTAATAATGTGTT
G
>non-promoter squence 2085
TTGCGCAACATGCCTGATGGCGCTGCGCTTACCCAGTCTACCGTAGGCCGGATAAGCGCAGCGTCATCAGGCCATTAAC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2086
TTCATTCGCACGGGCTTTAATGAGTAAACCGTACATTAAATGAATACCTTCGGGATAGGGAAAAGTTAACGTTGTCGGGT
T
>non-promoter squence 2087
TTGGAAGCATCACCATTTGTCTTATGTACGCAGACGGTAAAAAAGATCCACAACGGCGGTAAATTGAAAAATTAATTGCC
A
>non-promoter squence 2088
TGACTGGGGGGAATCCTTGCTAGTTATATAAGGTCACTGTTAGCTAGAGGCTTGAGCGACAAAAGTGTCATTTGGATTG
AG
>non-promoter squence 2089
GCCTTATCCGGCCTACAAAATCGTGCAAATTCAAAATATTGCAGGGGACGCGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGTAGCGCATCAGG
CA
>non-promoter squence 2090
TTAGCTATAATCTGGTACAGGGCCATAAAATCGCCACAGTAATCTCATACTCGCTTACTGTGGCGATCCCTCTTCTTCCGT
>non-promoter squence 2091
TAATGTTTGAGGATCGCCCAGATGAATCGCTCACCCGATAAAATCATCGCGCTGATATTTTTACTGATTAGCCTGTTGGTG
>non-promoter squence 2092
GTTAGAGTCATTACCGTTTCGTCTATATAAAAACTTATGTTTTTGGTACATTAGCAGTATATATCATCTCTATCATCACAA
>non-promoter squence 2093
CGTGATCGATAAGAAAATATCACACTGTGAAGCATGATGACCACATGGCTGAAAAGAGAGAGAACTTATTTTGCTCAATC
A
>non-promoter squence 2094
ACGCTCATCCTCATGATCTGATGACAAAACTGTTTTGCACGTTGTGCGCGCGCTTCCCCGGAGGCGGCGCTGGCGCGCC
TT
>non-promoter squence 2095
TTGGAAGCATCACCCTATTCTGCATACTCTTGAAAAGAAAGCATAACCTAAGCCCCTTAAAAGCATTCAGGATAATTATGA
>non-promoter squence 2096
ACCGTCAGGAATACCAGGCTTAGTACACAGCACTGAAAGTAGAAACCACTCCAGCCATTCGTCATCAATTTGAACAACA
CA
>non-promoter squence 2097
TTGAATTGCCGGATGCGGCTAGCGCCTTATCCGGCCTACGTTAATGAATGTAGGCCGGGCAAGCGAAGCGCTCCGGCAT
AA
>non-promoter squence 2098
TTTTTCCACAGAAAGGAATTGTCGTTGTTACAACAATAATGAACGGATACTGACACAACATCGCTACACTTTTTAAAGCA
C
>non-promoter squence 2099
AGAATAAACTGGGCACGATAGCCCCGATTCAGATTGCAGACAAAGTAAGCTTTGTTCATGCCGGATGCGGCGTAAATGC
CT
>non-promoter squence 2100
AAAGTGGCAATTACGCATAGTTTCCCGATAAAGACGCGATAGCGACATCCCGCATAAGGCATTTTTCTCTTTATCTTTGTA
>non-promoter squence 2101
GGGCAAATCCAACGGGGTATGGACCAGATGGAAAAAATCACAACAGGTGTGTCATACACCACGTCAGCGGTGGGAAC
GGGC
>non-promoter squence 2102
ATTGCGCGGTACAACTAAAAAACGCTGTTCCGATGGAGTGCAATCCCGGAACAGCGGAGCGAAGAATTCGCAATGTGG
ACA
>non-promoter squence 2103
TTCGTAGGACGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCAACAGATGCCTGATGCGACGCTACCGCGTCTTATCAGGCCTA
CA
>non-promoter squence 2104
GGGGCGACTTCATTAGCGTGCGCCTGTATTTTAACTTTGCTGTGGCTTCGCGCCAGTTCTGAAGCTACGACATACATATTT
>non-promoter squence 2105
CCTGCATTAACCTGCAATTTTTAGCCAAATAGCGGTCAACAAAAAAGGGGGCCCTGAACTCATCAGCGCCCCCTTTTATT
T
>non-promoter squence 2106
GTTAGAGTCATTACCGCTGTTGCTCAGTTTGCATAACTCGCCCTTTGTCATAGACGTGCTGCGTATTGTTCAGATAATGAG
>non-promoter squence 2107
TGGCAAGGCTGGGACGGAAGTTACTGTCGTTCTCAAAATCGGTGGAGTTGCATGACAAGGTCATCGGGCATTATCTGA
ACA
>non-promoter squence 2108
ATGAAGGGTTGACCGCACCTCGGGGCACTCCGGTGGCTTACGCCACTACGACCCCAACGGCACGTTTCCCCTTCAATTG
AC
>non-promoter squence 2109
TGTGATCCAGAGGCTGGGTGACAAACGTATAATTGCCTGATGCGCTTCGCTTATCAGGCCTACATAAGGCATTGCAACTG
A
>non-promoter squence 2110
TGCTGTATCAGGCCGTTGTTTTAGTCCGTTAGCTTCGCCACGTTCCAAGAGAAGAAACCGTCACTCATAAGCATGAACTA
T
>non-promoter squence 2111
TACTTTTGCCCTGATGATCTAAAAGCAAACTGTGCAATGAAAAACAGGAGCCATCAGGCTCCTGTTTGCATTTCTGACGA
C
>non-promoter squence 2112
GCAGGTCATTTCTTCCCAAGCTGACTCGCTGATTAAAATTTCGCGGATCTGGGCCGATTTTTTTCCCGCAAACACATCGA
A
>non-promoter squence 2113
ATAAAAACCGGGAAGATCCTAAGAAGATCTTCCCGGTTGTTTTTTGATCGCCAGTAGTTACCCAGTTAAGCCCGTTTGTG
T
>non-promoter squence 2114
TATTGACGCTTATTTATTGGTGAGAACTACGTTCCATGGCAGGAGTTCGTCAACACGGTTGGAGGGCCATTCCGGCAGTA
T
>non-promoter squence 2115
ATACCCTTTGTCCTTGACGCCGCAGCGTTGTTAGCGGCGTTCGCTCACCCGAATCACTTACTTGAGTAAGCTCATCGGGA
T
>non-promoter squence 2116
AGGCAGTTGGATCAAAAAAGGACACGATTTTTACGTGTCAGACTGCTGACAAACCCCGATGACGCGATCTTGAACGGT
GAG
>non-promoter squence 2117
ATAGCGGCTCCCACAATGTTCAAATGTGGGAGCTATTTACCAGCACATCTTACACTTATGATGAGAACTCCTGGCGAATTT
>non-promoter squence 2118
TATTAGTTCGGCGTAAGAACTCAGAGACTTAATTCCCCTATCCCATAGATAACGATAGGGGAAAATTATTTTTGCAGAATT
>non-promoter squence 2119
AATACTTCAACTTCTGGTTGCATGATTGTTTGTCCGTAAAAAGATAACGCGCCTGCCGGGTAGTAGCAGGCGCATTACGC
A
>non-promoter squence 2120
TCTCTGACGTTTTCCGGGTGGCGCTGGTCGCCCGGATTACAGCTCATAGGGTGTGACGACACCATCTCTCGTATTCCGCG
C
>non-promoter squence 2121
CGGGCAGTCGTCAGACAAAAAAATATCCGGGGGAATGCCCCGGATATCAGACTGCTGACAAACCCCGATGACTCACTCT
TG
>non-promoter squence 2122
GCAGTGCCATTTATGATAAAAACATCCCTTAAAACCAATCTAATCTTTTTCTTCCTCTGTGTATTTGTTCCCCATATGGCG
>non-promoter squence 2123
TTCATATTGTACTGTTACGTTGTACAAACCTGTGCCAACGGGTTCCCCTCACCCTAACCCCAGAGGAGCGAGGGGACCG
TT
>non-promoter squence 2124
GGCAAGCTCACGCTCATCATTAAGTTTATCAATCCGGCACAGTCTCTGTTGCCGGATTTTTTGTATTCAGAAAACCAGGTC
>non-promoter squence 2125
CGTGGCGATGACCCAGCAAAGATAAAACGAGTCACAGGTTATGCATGAGAGGAAATCAGGCGCTTCGCCGCTATTTCG
AAT
>non-promoter squence 2126
TGGGCTCCACAAAATGGGGACATCAAAGAAAAGCAGTGGCAATAGGTATGACTGATGCTTTAACGAAAAGTTCGACCTA
TT
>non-promoter squence 2127
GCAAAGCTTGGTTGTTGTTAAAGATGAATTTTTTAACGGACTCGATGCCGTCATAAAAGTGATATTTAACGGCTACGCTG
A
>non-promoter squence 2128
TTGGAAGCATCACCAAGAATGCGATGGATGGTATATTTACGAAAAAATAATTGATGATAATTTTGCCATAGTCATAGAATC
>non-promoter squence 2129
GTAGCCCATATCTTTAAAAACCCGCCTTACTGGGCGGGTTTTTTATGGGTAGCGTTAGCGTACAAGACAATATGTTTAGTC
>non-promoter squence 2130
TTCTTTGGATCTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCATGAAGCAACGTACTCGATATTAGCAATTTGGC
G
>non-promoter squence 2131
GGCTAGTTTTAAACGTCAGATTAGTCTTAGACGTCAGATTAGTTTTAGATGTCAGATTAGTTTTAGACGTCAGATTAGCTT
>non-promoter squence 2132
ATGTGATGAGCCGTTCATGATACAGGAGTAGTAAAGGGCATATTTTACCAATGTTAAGGCGACTTTCCGTTTTATTGCGA
G
>non-promoter squence 2133
AGGCGCTCGAAAATACAATATGGGTATTAGGCTTTGTTGGCACTGCATTTGATACTAAATTTAGTGCCAACAAAGCATCG
G
>non-promoter squence 2134
TCTGATAGTTAACATTACAAGATATAAGTAATGGACGCACTCCCAATTAGTCTATTTAAATCGCCACGAGTTTAACTGACA
>non-promoter squence 2135
TATTCTACTCTGGAAGTAGAGTATTAATTATATTACTGGGAAGCCTTAACGCCATTATATTTATTTAATTGATGACATTAG
>non-promoter squence 2136
CTGCCGGATACGCGGCCTACGGTGTATGACTTGTAGGGCGGATAAGATGCGCCAGCATCGTATCCGCCAATAAATGCCG
GA
>non-promoter squence 2137
GATTATCCTAAAGTTACACACATTTGCTGTGTAAAACGAGGGGTTTTCCGCAGGCAGGAGAGCAAAATGCCACGCTCTG
TT
>non-promoter squence 2138
CAACAATCGGGGAGTCAGCAGGGGGCTGAAACGGGAAAGCCCCTCCCGAAGAAGGGGGCCTTACAGAAGGAAAGG
GTTATG
>non-promoter squence 2139
AAAAGAATGATTTATAGGGCCAGAATTAAGGGGCAAAGACATGAAAAAGCCGTTGCCCCTTTAGTCGTTATACCGTTTG
AG
>non-promoter squence 2140
AACGACGCAGCTTTTGCCTGCGTCGTTCGACGGCTAGTCAATAAAGACTGGCCCTGCCGGAAAATGCGCCAGGAAACT
CGT
>non-promoter squence 2141
CAAAGGGGGCCAAAGCCCCCTAATACTCAACTAACCACCGATAGGTAAACGAATCCCGATGAGCTTACACCAGTAAGTG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2142
GTCAGTTGTTGATACGAATTTATCGTCACGATGATAATTGACTGATAAAGGGTTATTAGCTGATAAAGGGCTATTGACTGA
>non-promoter squence 2143
AAGGCGGCAGTGAGAAGACCGCCATTTCAGGTTACCCTACCTTCCTGCCGGATGTGCTTCGTCCTACAAAAACTTATAAA
T
>non-promoter squence 2144
CATAACGCCTGATGAGATAAGCGCTTAATGCGCTAGCTGGCAGGGGGAGTCCATTTCCTCAACCTCTTTACCGCTGAGG
CG
>non-promoter squence 2145
ACCTGGCTTGATGCGACCTATCGCAGCAATGTTTGCAACGAACAGGATTGTAACGGTAATCGGATGCCAGGGATCGCCC
GT
>non-promoter squence 2146
GTTTTACTCGCCTCTGAATGAGCAGAGGCGAGTGAGTATTTTAATGAACAAAACGTCCGGCACGAGACATAAATTCTTCT
T
>non-promoter squence 2147
ATTATTGTTCTGTTAGTGTATTATCCACTGCGGCCCTTTCCGCCGTCTCGCAAACGGGCGCTGGCTTTAGGAAAGGATGT
T
>non-promoter squence 2148
GCCGTATAGAAATCCCAACAGATTGAATATCAAGAAAATGTCTCACTGCCCCAAACTTAATCCCCAATAATATTCCCCCTT
>non-promoter squence 2149
TGGGTTGGAAAATGGGAGCTGGGTGTTCTACCGCAGGGGCGGGGGACTCCAAGTGATATCCATCATCGCATCCAGTGC
GCC
>non-promoter squence 2150
GCGATAAAGCAGAAAAGCGAAGGGGCGTTTAATGCCCCTGAGGTTATTGACAACGCTATTTTTAGCCTCGTGAGTGAA
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2151
GATGCGACGCTGGCGCGTCTTATCAGGCCTACACCGCTGTGAAGTGCGGCACCCCGTAGGTCAGACAAGGCGGTCACG
CCG
>non-promoter squence 2152
GAGTGAGTTTTCAATCACCTTTCCATCCACCTTATATTAAGCATGGAGGGTTTCAGTTCACGGGCTCATTAGAAAATAATC
>non-promoter squence 2153
CGCAGCGGGTTTACCCTCTGACCGTTTCTGTTACGAAGGCTTTTTACCTGCCAAATCAAAAGGCCGCCGTGATGCGCTA
AA
>non-promoter squence 2154
TGCTGCTTGGTCTGTGGGTTGCCGCACAGGTTGCCGGTTCCACCAACATCAGCAACATCACCGACACCGTTTATCACTG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2155
GAATCCAACTTATGTTGTAAACTGGCAAGGTAATGTCATTAGTCATAATAGTGCTTTTGAACATTATTTCACTGCGGATTA
>non-promoter squence 2156
TGGACCTGTTTCGCCGAAACGCGCTGGAAAAAGCGTATCTGGAGATGCTGGCGCTTATGCCGGAGGGGGGAGCGCCT
TCAC
>non-promoter squence 2157
CCGCGACATTGAAAACTGGCCTCATATCAACGGCGTTTTTTATTCCATGGAGGATCAAGAACGTGTTGTCAATGGGTTGC
A
>non-promoter squence 2158
CGCCATCGATAAAAACCTCGATGGTGAGTATCAGCTCTATGACAGTAAGCTGAGATTTTTGACCTCTTCCAATCCTGACCA
>non-promoter squence 2159
TTGCCGGGCGTCACGATATGGACAGCCTCGCGGAACGTTGGTTGAAGCACAAAACCATCACTTTTGAAGAGATTGCTG
GTA
>non-promoter squence 2160
AGCTACGCCTGGGATGCTGGTGCACATTGGCTTATCGCTCTTTTCCTATGCCACGCTAATTATCGCCGCCCTGTACGCGCT
>non-promoter squence 2161
CAACCCAGGTTCAGGGTAAAGCCCTCTCTTATAACAACATCGCCGATACCGATGCGGCGCTGGAGTGCGTGAAAGAGTT
CG
>non-promoter squence 2162
CCATGCAGCAGGCTTTGCGTGGGACGGTAAGTGATGTGCGTAAGGGAAGCCAGGAGATGCACATTGGTATCGCGGAG
ATTG
>non-promoter squence 2163
CGCTATGTGCTGTGGGGAAGGGGGAATCAAAGCCTGGGATTATGTTCGAATGGGGTTTCTGTCACGGGTCGGTGTGCT
CAA
>non-promoter squence 2164
CACCCTGCCGCCGCGTCAGGTGGCTAACGGCGTAGTGGACGCCTTTGTACACACCGTGGAACAGTATGTTACCAAACCG
GT
>non-promoter squence 2165
ATCGCTCTCTGCCAGCCAAAAATTATGGCTGGAGTTACCTGGTAACCGCCCACAACATGCCGCCGGAACGCCGGTGCTG
AC
>non-promoter squence 2166
CGAGAGTATCGGATATTTTAATAACTATTTGGTTGAGCTGGTGGCTGGTTCTTTTTCCCTGCTATCGGCTTTCAACTTCAC
>non-promoter squence 2167
ACAAATTCAACATCCCAACTCAGGGCTGTGTACTGGCGCACGTCACCACCCAGATCGAAGCGATCCGTCGTGGCGCACC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2168
GTCGTTGCCTGCGGCAACGCTCTCTCGCTGGCGCTCAAGTCGAACCTTGGTCGAAGCTTCTCATCCTTCCCCGCTTGGG
CA
>non-promoter squence 2169
TTGGCGGCGGTGTAGTGAGCGGCTGCAAACTGCTTACCGGCCCTGGCGGTCTGGCGGGGCATATCGGGCATACGCTTG
CCG
>non-promoter squence 2170
GTGGGATTGCCCATTTCGAACAATTACGTCTGTTCTTTGAATCCAGTCTGGTGCGCTATGCGGCTGAACATGCCACCGAT
G
>non-promoter squence 2171
GCATCAAACAGTTTGGTATCAAAACGCCTAAAACAGATGCTATGATTCTCGCAGGGATAATATTATCCGGATCGTTTTCAG
>non-promoter squence 2172
TGATGAATATCTATTGGTCAGAAAAAATTTATTGATCAGTTCTAAATCGATTAAACCGGAATCTCTCGACGATATCCTTGG
>non-promoter squence 2173
TACTGACGAAGAGTTGCTGAAGCTTGACGCGCTGGCGAATCAACACGGCATTCCGCTGGTGATTGATAACGCTTATGGC
GT
>non-promoter squence 2174
AAAAATCGGCCGGAGTGAAATATTTTGCCCCGTTTGAACCGGCACAGATTCAGGCGCTTATTCCACTGGCGAAAGATAT
TA
>non-promoter squence 2175
GCATTCTTATGACAAGAGTCGCCGTAAGGGAGCGATTCATGTCATTAGTGCGTTCTCAACAATGCACAGTCTGGTCATCG
G
>non-promoter squence 2176
CGTCGCAAAAACTGGCCGATGTACAGACACTTTTGCATGAAGCGGGTGTGGCGGATAACGTGATTTGTTTTGAAGCGC
AAA
>non-promoter squence 2177
CGCGAATGCATCGCGCTGGTTATGTCGCGCCTAATCTCGGCGAAGTGCCGCCGCACGCCAGCCCTGGCGGCTACGTGAT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2178
TGAGTTGCAGCCGTGGGATATCGCTTACTACAGCGAAAAACAAAAACAGCACCTCTACAGCATCAGTGACGAACAGCTG
CG
>non-promoter squence 2179
AAGAATCTCCTTTTGGCAGCGATGAAGGTGCTGATGCTCTAAACGTTCTTGAAAATAGCCTCCGTAAAGAGCCGGATCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2180
AGAAACCACCCCGCGTAATCCAGTAACCAACAGTGGACGAGTATTAGAAGAACTCGAAGACTGGCTGCACAATTTACCC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2181
TGGATCTGATAATTACCGGCTGCCAAAGCAGCGAAGGGCAGAATGGGCAAACGCCATTTTTGCTGGCGGAAATGCTGG
GCT
>non-promoter squence 2182
ACGTACGCATCAAAAGGCCTTTATTGCCCGTGGGCTGACAGAGGCGTTAACACGTGTGATTGCCATCGTGGTGCAGCCG
GG
>non-promoter squence 2183
GTGTTGATCTGGCTGGCACTTTCTCTACTTACCCTAATCCTCATATCAATTTTGTGCAGGCTTTCGCAGTTGAGATGGTGA
>non-promoter squence 2184
TGCCGAAGCGGTACGCATTGTTTACGATCCTTCCGTCATCAGCTATGAGCAGTTGCTACAGGTATTTTGGGAGAATCACG
A
>non-promoter squence 2185
GATTACGCCGGCAGAAGTTCCGGCATTTTTACAAACCTTACCGCTGGCAAAAATCCCCGGCGTCGGCAAAGTCTCAGCG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2186
TGGTGGTCAAGTTGGTTGAAGGCACGCAGGGAATTGGCGTCGTGCTGGCGGAGACGCGTCAGGCGGCGGAAAGCGT
GATTG
>non-promoter squence 2187
GACGTCACATCCTCATGTTGCGAAAATCAGTTTTACCGGTTCAACCGCGACGGGAAAAGGTATTGCCAGAACTGCTGCT
GA
>non-promoter squence 2188
GTTAAATATTGAAACGGGCGTATAACACGCCCGTTGTTTTATTTATGTGGATATTATTAATAGCATATCGAGCATATTTAT
>non-promoter squence 2189
TGGCGTTATATCGTCTTGATGAACTGGAAGGCCAGCCGATAGGTCATTTTAATGGCACTTGCATTGATGACCAGGATATC
A
>non-promoter squence 2190
ACCCACAGAGTTTGCAGATCTCAAAGTTCGCGATGAAAAAACACTACCGTCATTAGGCGCAACGTTATTCACCATACTGC
T
>non-promoter squence 2191
GGCTGGGGTTGAGTCGTAATCCGTATGACAAGCTGGGGCACTTTTTCCAGGGGCTGGTGCCTGCACTGGTGGCACGAG
AAA
>non-promoter squence 2192
CGGCGTACTTGATATGCTGGAAGAAGCTACCATCCAGATTGCTGAAGCCAGCGATGAACTGCGCCACTACTGCGATCGT
CT
>non-promoter squence 2193
TAATAATCAGGCCAATATCGCCATCGGCGCACCCGATACACTACTGGACGGCGGCGGTATTGATTACACTGAAATTGGCG
C
>non-promoter squence 2194
TTCAGGAATCACGCCGTGTTGATGCTGGTAATGAAATCGCTCCGTTACTGGAGGTGGAAGGGATGAAGGTCGGTCTGAT
GA
>non-promoter squence 2195
TTCCGTTTACCTTTCGAACCGCGACAGTGTTTTTGAAACTCTGGAAGCGCAGGAAATGCTTTGGTTGTTGCAGGCGGTG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2196
CGCCCACATCGCCGCTTACCCGGAAGTTGACTGGCATCAGTTCAGCGAAGAGTTCGTCACCTCGCTGGGTATTCAGTGG
AA
>non-promoter squence 2197
TAATCATTTGCGGATAATCACCAACAGCCTGCGTGTGGCGCATATTCTTTACCACAACCCGCGCTTTGAAGTGATGGTGC
C
>non-promoter squence 2198
GCGCCAGCCGCACCGCGTGATGGAGCTACACAACGACGGCACGTATGTCGAAGAGATAACCGATTACGTGCTGATGAT
GAA
>non-promoter squence 2199
TATTTTGTCCCTTTAATTATAAAGCAGAGTTATGTTTAAGCTCTGCTTTATTTATTTGAGTATTAATTCATACCGTTTTTT
>non-promoter squence 2200
TTGAGTGTATTGCAGGCGATGAGTTGTGGGAGATGGCGATTTTCGATCTCTACAATCGAATTCTGGAATCGGGCAAAAC
AC
>non-promoter squence 2201
GCACGGTCGTTGGCTCTGGCATTGCCGGAGAAGCAAAGCTTGATCATCTGCGGCTGGTGTCTTTAGGTATGCGTTGCTG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2202
TTGCATCAGAGAAAAATTCCAGCCGGTCAGCAAAAAAGAGATGCTGCACATGCGGGAAGTGGTGACATCACTTAAAAA
CCC
>non-promoter squence 2203
TTGCCTCGCAGGCGGTTATCTCTGGCGTCTTCTCATTGACGCGTCAGGCGGTACGTCTGGGATATTTGTCGCCGATGCGC
A
>non-promoter squence 2204
TGCATGGGGAACTGCTGAAAGTGCGTTGTTCACAAAGTGGTCAGGTTCTCGACTGGACAGGAGACGTTACCCCAGAA
GATA
>non-promoter squence 2205
CACACCAGCTCACCATGCGCCTGTTACCCGCGATGTTACCGCACGGTGAAGGGCGTATTGTGATGACATCATCGGTGATG
G
>non-promoter squence 2206
TATGGAGTTCATCGGTAATAATCCTAACGCCTTCCGGTTATTATTGCGGGAACGCTCCGGCACCTCCGCTGCGTTTCGTGC
>non-promoter squence 2207
GCTATGGCAGTGGGATAAATGGCAGCCAGGTCTGGCGATTTATGACTTTACCAATCCGGATGCCTGCAAATGGTACGCC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2208
GCTGATCTCTTCCGGTACGACGCCAAAACTGCTGGCTAATGAAACCGACGCGCGTTTCATCGGCTACGGCGCAATGCTG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2209
ATGCGATATGTTTATCAGGCCACGTCTTAATGTAATGCTTTGGATTTGCAAATTTTGTAGACCGGATAAGGAATTCACGCC
>non-promoter squence 2210
ACGGGTCAGCGCCGCGCCGTTTTGCGAAAAGCTGAACATCCCCGGAAACAGCGAAGTGTTCCATCTCTGCCGGGTGAT
GTA
>non-promoter squence 2211
CCGTGAAGTTGAACGTGAATATGCCGTGCGTGTATTTGGTCAGGTTGACGACGCGAAACTGCGTGATTTGAGTCGTGGC
GT
>non-promoter squence 2212
CGATGCGTTGACCGATCATTCCAGTGAATTTATCGAGCAGCTGCACGATAAAATTATCGACCTTGAAGATAATCTCCTTGA
>non-promoter squence 2213
TGGAAGCCCATCGTCACGCCTTTGAAAAGCAAGGTTTGAATGCCATCTGGCCACGCATCATTGCCCTGGTGGTTCAACC
CG
>non-promoter squence 2214
GCCACGCAATGGCACAACGCTGCGGGGGTGAAATTCAGATAGAGCTGTTCGGTAACTGGACGCTGGACGACGCCCGC
GACT
>non-promoter squence 2215
GCCCGACAAACTCACCTTACCGCTGCTCTGGCTTGGCTTGGTATTTAATGCGCAGTATGGATTAATTGATTTACATGATGC
>non-promoter squence 2216
ACCCATCCAGGGGGAAGGCGGTGTGGTGCCAGCCAGCAACGCGTTTTTACAAGGTCTGCGTGAATTGTGTAACCGCCA
CAA
>non-promoter squence 2217
AAAGATGCAGGTGGAAGAGGCCAGCCGCTCCGGTAAAATCGTTTTCGAAATGGAAGACGTTTGCTACCAGGTTAACGG
TAA
>non-promoter squence 2218
CCATGCGCGGCGAACCTGGCGATCACAACGGTCCTACCGTTTTCGCCACCCACTCCACCCACAAACTGCTGAATGCGCT
GT
>non-promoter squence 2219
ACTCGCGCGCACCGGTTAAAACCCCCGCCGACCTGAAAGGGCTGAAAATCCGCACCAACAATAGCCCGATGAATATCGC
CG
>non-promoter squence 2220
CGAGCATGATCAGAAACTGGCGCGTGAAGGCGGACTGGATTTGGTGGTGCTGGGATTAGGTGCAGATGGTCATTTTTG
TGG
>non-promoter squence 2221
TACCCTGATTGGTGCAACCACGCGCGCAGGTTCGCTGACATCACCGTTGCGCGACCGTTTTGGTATTGTGCAACGTCTG
GA
>non-promoter squence 2222
AGCAAACTTTGTCCATACCACCATCTTCCCGAACGGGCCGAAAGATTTTGAAGATAAAGACGATGGTCGTGTGATTGGT
AA
>non-promoter squence 2223
CACTATTCAGCAGCATCGACTGGGACGACGACGATCATGACCATCATCATCATGACAATGATGATTATCATCACCACGATG
>non-promoter squence 2224
TCAGGTACTGGCTGACGGTCAGGGCAACGCTATCTATCTGGCGGAACGTGACTGCTCCATGCAACGCCGCCACCAGAA
AGT
>non-promoter squence 2225
TGCTGGCCTGTTTGCTGGCAAAGGAAGGCAATGATCTCCCGGTTGATGCGGCGGTGATTGTCTCTGCGCCGTTTATGCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2226
GGTAGCTCGCGGTGAAAGCCGTCTGTACATGCATCGCATCGAAAAAGACTGGTACACGCTGATGAACACCATCATCAAC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2227
GGTGCGTTCCGTTACCCGTGCCTTTAACCATATGGCGGCTGGTGTTAAGCAACTGGCGGATGACCGCACGCTGCTGATG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2228
AGGCTTCCCGGAATCGTATGATATGCATCGCCTGGTGAAGTTTGTTTCCGATCTCAAATCCGGCGTGCCAAACGTTACAG
C
>non-promoter squence 2229
CTGTTCATCATTAAAAAAACAGTATCGTGATATTTTACGCAAGGGTAGCCCCCATGTTCATTTCCTCTGGTTAGATGGCGA
>non-promoter squence 2230
GAAAGAGGCGGGGGCAGTTGACGCCACTTTCGTCACCAAAGCCATCAATGAACAACCGCTGAATCTCGGACAGGGTAT
CTG
>non-promoter squence 2231
TTGAACCAGAAAAGTTGCTGCAAATTGTCCGCGAGGCGGTAGGCAGCTCGGCACTTTTCGCCGCCCGTTTTCGCGAAT
GCG
>non-promoter squence 2232
AATGGGTCAGGACGCTTTTAATCACATATAAAAAGCGTCCTTTTTCTCACAATCAAATGATCATCGGCTTCTATAACGAAA
>non-promoter squence 2233
CTACGGCATTGTTAACTACCTCGGCGTCGATCTTCTGCATCTCTATGAGCAGGCACCGCTGTGGTTCGATAATCCGGGCA
G
>non-promoter squence 2234
TCGTTTATATGCTAACAAATCGCAAAAATTTGATTATCAGCATGAAGACTGCACAGGACCATCAGCGGATCGATGGCGGC
T
>non-promoter squence 2235
ATCTGCCTGATGCGCTACGCTTATCAGGCCTACGCTAGCTGTGCAATCCATTGATTTTGCACAATTTTGTAGGCTGGATAA
>non-promoter squence 2236
GGACGGCATTATCAGTACCAAAGCCTCAATGTTGAAAGCGGCAAGAGCGGAAGGTTTTTTCTGTATTCATCGCCTGTTTA
T
>non-promoter squence 2237
GTAAGATCGTCGTCAACGAGGAAGTAGGTGACACCGGGCGTTATAACTTCGGTCAGAAATGCGTTTTCTGGGCGGCGA
TTA
>non-promoter squence 2238
GCTGTCGATTCCTTCGTTGGTACTGACAATGGCACTGGCTGCCGCTCTCGGGCCGAGTTTGTTTAACGCCATGCTGGCTA
T
>non-promoter squence 2239
AAACTACTGGGGCAACTACCCGAAATTCTTCGTCTCTATGATGAAGGCCTTCTTTGGTGATAAAGCGACGGCGGAAAAT
AG
>non-promoter squence 2240
CGCCGGATTACGCGCGCTTGAACAACAGGCTGACTGGGTGTTAGTGGAAGGTGCTGGCGGCTGGTTTACGCCGCTTTC
TGA
>non-promoter squence 2241
GGAGTCATCAGCCACTATCAGCGTGCGTTCCCATGAAGGAAAAAGCCTTTCGCTTTATCGCTCCGGAATAGGTAAATGCC
T
>non-promoter squence 2242
ATGTGCCGGCTTCTACCCGAATTCATTCGGAAGAAGATGAGCGCCCAATCGGCCGTCTGCTGGTCGACGCATGCTACAG
CC
>non-promoter squence 2243
GGCACCAGCCCAGGCTGGCATGGCACCAGAAAACCAGGCGCAGGCCCAGCAATCCAGCGGGAGTTTCTGGATGCCGC
TGAT
>non-promoter squence 2244
CATCAGCTCCTACAGCTTCGTTGCAATGGCAAAAGCTTGCCGCTCCATGCTGAATCCGGGTTCTGCCCTGCTGACCCTTT
C
>non-promoter squence 2245
TTTTAATGTGGCTTTCCGGCGAGTATATGACCGCAAATGGTCAATGGGGACTAAACGTCCTACAAACCGCCGACCACAA
AG
>non-promoter squence 2246
TCGGGAAAAACATGGGGGCACTGGGCGCTCTGTCTGTGGATATGACGCAGGCTAATTCCACACTTCCCGATGACAGTCA
GC
>non-promoter squence 2247
AATTATGGAGTTTGAGCGAGCAGGTGACGCCCGCGGTTGGCGTGGAACGGTTTAATCAGGCGATGATGGATTTGGGTG
CGA
>non-promoter squence 2248
TGTCGGGGCGTCGCCAATTTCTGGTTTTGACAGTGGCTTCTCTACCTTTGCTCAGGGCTTTGTCGCGCTGGGGAGTTTC
CG
>non-promoter squence 2249
AATATAACTACTCGGTACCGGGTGGGCTGAAAAATGCCATCGACTGGCTTTCCCGCCTGCCGGATCAACCGCTGGCCGG
TA
>non-promoter squence 2250
AGGTGTGAAGCTGGAAAAATTAACCCAACTGATTTCCGCTGCGCAAAAACAAGGGATCCGCTGCATCGTCGACAGTTCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2251
GCAATGTTGTTGCCCAGGTCACCGGCATGGGGGATAACCCTTCCCTGTCCGAACTGATCGGTCCGGTAAAAGTGATGTT
GC
>non-promoter squence 2252
GCAAACCATGCAACGTGGTGGAGCTGCAGGGCACCGTTGGGGCCAGCGTCGCCATTGACCGTAAGAAAGGCTTTGCC
GAAG
>non-promoter squence 2253
ACCGTGAAGGTTTGCAGGATGGCCCGAAAGTCTCGTTTAAAGAGATTGCCACTAAATACTGGCGCAGCCTGTTGACATG
TA
>non-promoter squence 2254
CGCGCGTGAAGCCGGTTTTGATCTGGTAGAGCTCCACTCTGCTCACGGTTATTTGCTGCATCAGTTCCTTTCTCCTTCTTC
>non-promoter squence 2255
CCATTCGTCAGGGGCGTTTTGAACAGGCCGATGGCGGTACATTATTCCTCGACGAAATTGGTGATATGCCGCTGGATGT
GC
>non-promoter squence 2256
GTCATGAAATCGCGGCGGTGATCATTGAGCCGATTGTCCAGGGCGCAGGCGGGATGCGCATGTACCATCCGGAATGGTT
AA
>non-promoter squence 2257
ATGGCGATCAGGATCTGAGCTTTGGTCCGGAATACATCATTCCAAAACCGTTTGATCCGCGCTTGATCGTTAAGATCGCT
C
>non-promoter squence 2258
GGGCGTACCAATTGACTACCTGTTAGCGGCATCGCTGATGGCGATCCCTGGCGGGATTTTGTTTGCACGTATTCTTAGCC
C
>non-promoter squence 2259
TCTATCTGGTGCTGGTGCCATTGATGGTCTTCTTCCTGCTGAAAGACAAAGAGCAGATGCTGAACGCCGTTCGCCGGGT
GC
>non-promoter squence 2260
GCTGGTTGAGCAGGCGCTTAACGCGGGGGCACGCGGCTTTCTTTCCAAACGCTGTAGCCCGGATGAACTCATTGCTGC
GGT
>non-promoter squence 2261
AGTTTAAACGCTACTACCGTTCCGTAGATGCACTGCTGATCGACGATATTCAGTTTTTTGCTAATAAAGAACGATCTCAGG
>non-promoter squence 2262
CGATTATCAACGCGCTTCATCTCACTGAGGACGATATTCTGCCAGGCTTGCCAATTCAGGTGGCAACAACAGGACACTCA
A
>non-promoter squence 2263
GGATGGGGTTCGCAGTGTGGATGAACGGTGCGCCGTGGACGGGTGCACACGGTGTGGCAGGCGAACTGGGTCATATC
CCCC
>non-promoter squence 2264
GCCAGCCAGCCACCAAAGATGGCAAAGCCAGCGCCGCGGAATCCGCAGGCGGGCATCTTGATCCACAAAATACCGGTA
AAC
>non-promoter squence 2265
AGCCTCCGCCAACCGTGGCGTGCTGGTAGTGATGAATGACACCGTGCTTGATGGCCGTGACGTCACCAAAACCAACAC
CAC
>non-promoter squence 2266
TGAGCATCTACATTATAAAGCGGGCAATGCGCGAGTGATTGTGGAATGGCGCGGCTGGCGTATTTTGCCGCTGGTGTGC
TA
>non-promoter squence 2267
GGTATATGACCAGGATGATGCGTTTCTTGATATTAAAGCAAACGTGCAGGCTGGACGCTTTACCGGGCTTAAGAAATTAG
T
>non-promoter squence 2268
ATCGCATCGAATCTGTAGGCCAGATAAGGCATTTTCGCAGCATCCGGCACTTATTGTCGGATGCGATGCTTGCGCATCTTA
>non-promoter squence 2269
GCTGCTGAATCTGGCGGAAGATGACTCCGGCCTGGTTGTGGCGCATCTTGGCAATGGCGCGTCAATCTGCGCGGTTCG
CAA
>non-promoter squence 2270
ACGTATTTGGTAGCCCGATCCTGCTGGAAGACATGCTGCAGCTGAATCTGGATAACCCAATTGTGGTTTCTCCGGACATC
G
>non-promoter squence 2271
TCGTACAACGGAATCGCAAACTCACCGTGAAATGGCCTCCGGGCTTTCCATGCCGGTTGGTTTTAAAAACGGCACCGAC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2272
AATGGCTGACACGCGGTAAAGGTGCGGTGAACTACCTGAGCGTGCCGGAATTCCCGACCGACAGTAAAAACGGCAGC
TTCC
>non-promoter squence 2273
CAGCTACTACACGGTGCATGAATCCTTCGTTGCCACCATTCCGCTGGTGTTCTGCGAAGCGGAGAAAATGGACCCCAAT
AC
>non-promoter squence 2274
TACCGACGTACCTTACAGCAACATTGTGGCGCTTAACGAACACGCTGCGGTACTGCATTACACCAAACTGGACCATCAG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2275
CGATATCGACGCCATTGCCTTTACCGGTTCAACCCGTACCGGGAAACAGCTGCTGAAAGATGCGGGCGACAGCAACATG
AA
>non-promoter squence 2276
TGAGCAATCGACGCCGTTTTTTTATAGCTTATTCTTATTAAATTGTCTTAAACCGGACAATAAAAAATCCCGCCGCTGGCG
>non-promoter squence 2277
GTATGCGTTTATCAGCTATCTTGGGCGACTTAACGAACCATTAATCGAACTGACCACGCAACAGGCGATGCTGCAACAG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2278
ACCTGGCTTTTATCGTAGCGGAGTGTCGCTGGAAGGCATTAACTACCTGGATGGCGGGATCAGTGATGCGATTCCGGTT
AA
>non-promoter squence 2279
GACGCCAGCCTGAATACAGCTGGCGTTTTCATTTATAAACAGAAAGGAAAACCGATAATAATGGAATGGACGCCCCGAC
CA
>non-promoter squence 2280
CGTTGGCGTGGTAGAAAAATCAGAAATCATCGACGGCTCTAAAGTCAGCGACGGCGATGTGCTGATTGCACTCGGTTCC
AG
>non-promoter squence 2281
AAGCGGAGTTGACGCGCGCATTGCTTTTTACCGTATTGTCTAACTTTCTTGAGCAATCGCGGTTTATTGCCCTACTGATGT
>non-promoter squence 2282
TCTGGTTCCCCTGCCCGATTTAACAGTGAGCAGCCAAATTAGTACATCGCAGGATACGAAAGACTCACTGCAAGGACAG
AA
>non-promoter squence 2283
GCGCCACGACGTGATGTTGCGTATCGCCACCTTTGGCGGCGTGCAGCCAGCCGCGCTGGCGGAGCTGACCGAAGTACT
GAA
>non-promoter squence 2284
TCCGGACTCTGTACCGACGAGCAAAAGCTGGATTGGCAAAAAACTTGAGTTGCATATTACCGCGTTGGGTAAGGCATTA
TT
>non-promoter squence 2285
TGTGTTGGCTGGATTGTTTCGCCGATCCCAAACTGGCAAGGCAGCTTTATGCCTCCGCATTTCCGCTGATTGATGTCACC
G
>non-promoter squence 2286
GTTTGAAGTGCGCCACGTCCCTTACAAAATGCGTTTTGCGCTGAATAATCCACAGATTCACATCGCGGGATTACACCGCG
C
>non-promoter squence 2287
CAGAGCATGCGGCGCAGATGTTGCGCAAATTATCGGGTCAGACCCATCAGGTGATGACAGCAGTGGCGTTGGCCGACA
GCC
>non-promoter squence 2288
TCCTGGCCGTTTCGACCGTCAGGTTGTGGTCGGCTTGCCAGATGTTCGCGGTCGTGAGCAGATCCTGAAAGTTCACATG
CG
>non-promoter squence 2289
ACAACGAAGTCGGTAACACACTCACCCTTGAGCAGCTGAAAGCAGAAAACCGCGCGGTACTGGTCACCGTGGGGTTAT
CAA
>non-promoter squence 2290
CCGGTAAAGGCGAAAGTATCGACATCGCCATGTATGAAGTGATGCTGCGTATGGGCCAGTACTTCATGATGGATTACTTC
A
>non-promoter squence 2291
TTTTCATAATTTATGTCAACGTGCGGCTACGGCGGCGGGCTATCCAGATTTCCAGCCAGATGCTTGTCTTATCAACCGCTA
>non-promoter squence 2292
AAATCCTCCCTTACCCTTGTTCCTTTACTCTAGGTTGAAAAAACAACAGCGTCAATAGGCCTGCCATGTACGAAGCGAGA
T
>non-promoter squence 2293
GTGACGAAGAGTTAGGTGGCATCAGCATTTATGCCTTTAACGAGAATCGTCGTCTGCAATCCGTACGCTATGCCGCTACT
G
>non-promoter squence 2294
AAAAGTCATATTATCGGGCGAAAGGCGATGCGCTGGAGATGCTCGATCGTGAAGGCAATCCGATTGAATCGCAGTTCAA
CT
>non-promoter squence 2295
GAATCTACGCAAGGTTCAGCGACTGGCGCAAAGTGGCGTTCTGGTGGTCAGCGATCGCTTCCCGCAGGCTGAAATTTC
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2296
CTATGCAGCGCACTAATAAAGTGTCGCTGATCGTCTGTTCTGCATTGAAAAAACACTATCGCGACTTGCTGCGTGAAGGT
A
>non-promoter squence 2297
AAAACTGCTGATTGACGCTGACATTAAAGGTCCGGGTAAAGCCGTTGGCCCTTACTTTGATGAGACACCGCTGAAAGAT
TC
>non-promoter squence 2298
ATAACCCTCTGACGACGCTCAATTTGCTGGAACACGACGATAGCCATGTCGGCGTTCAACTGGTGAAGGCGCAAACGGT
TA
>non-promoter squence 2299
GGAAAAACACGTCATCACCGTGTTTACTGATATTACCTGTGGTTACTGCCACAAACTGCATGAGCAAATGGCAGACTACA
A
>non-promoter squence 2300
CCGCAGCGAGGATGAGGGGCTGGTCACCCACTGGCACTATGACGAAGCAGACCGCCTCACGCACCGCACCGTGAATG
GCGA
>non-promoter squence 2301
CGATGCTGGCAGATGTTAAACCGGGTAAGAAGATAATTATTCTGGGAGCAGGTTGTATTGGTTTGATGACGTTGCAAGC
GT
>non-promoter squence 2302
CGTGCGGATGCTGGAGCGTAATCCAGTGGTTGCCGCGCTACTCGACGACGGCCTGGCGCGTGGTTATGCGGATGCGGA
AAT
>non-promoter squence 2303
TGCTGATGTGGTCTGTTTTCCTGGATGCCATATCAACCACCTGACGCCACGTACGCTGGATATTGACCGGGTGCAGTCGA
T
>non-promoter squence 2304
TAAACCGCTTTTTCTCTAATGCGTTTACTTTTGCTCGTCGGTTTTACGACCAATTACCCGTTAAATTTGATCATGACTGGT
>non-promoter squence 2305
AATTCTTTACGCGACCCTGAAGGGTAAAAATAGCGAGGCCAAATCCGATGAGCCCCAATACGGTGCTATTTTTAAACGC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2306
TCAAATGCTGCTGCATTTCCCGATAACCGCGCCGTGGCAACAGGTATTACTGGAAAAACAACGTCTGTTTTTGACGCATG
G
>non-promoter squence 2307
TGATGGGGAAAGCCTTTGATGACCGCCTCGGTTGCTATCTGCTGGTGACGTTACTGCGCGAACTGCACGACGCCGAACT
AC
>non-promoter squence 2308
CGGATGCGGCGTGAACGCCTTATCCGACCTACGTGTGACGTGTAGGCCTGATAAGACGCGATAAGCGTCGCATCAGGCA
TG
>non-promoter squence 2309
GAAATCTGGTGGAACCGGCGATTGCCCGTTGGGCAGCAGAGCGCGCGACTTCCAGCGATCTGGCGCAGATTGAATCG
GCGC
>non-promoter squence 2310
TTGCCGATGACGCAAGATTTGTTTTAAATGCGGGGAAAAAGAAATTTACCGGCACAATATCGCTTTACTACTACTGGAAT
A
>non-promoter squence 2311
TCAACTGGCCCCCTGGAGTCCGCAACCAGACAAGGCCGAACAAGCCGCGCAATCCCTGCTGGATCAGTACGCGCAATT
GAA
>non-promoter squence 2312
GCATCTTCTGCTATCCGCGTATTGAAGCGGGTCAGCCGACCGTGTGCTCAGAAACCTGTGTCGGTCGTATCCGTTATCTT
G
>non-promoter squence 2313
ATAGTGAAGTGATCCGCCGTGCGGTGGGCTACGGCATGACCGTCTGCCCCGGCTGCGCGACGGCGACCGAAGCCTTTA
CCG
>non-promoter squence 2314
ACTGGCGAAGGTGGGAATGGGCATGGGGTCCACCGTTGCGGTGCTGTTTCAATCTGGTCGTGACACCATCGACACTGT
ATT
>non-promoter squence 2315
TGACTGCCGGTACGATTACCGTTGTTTTCTCTTCAATGATTGCACTGATGCGTCCGCTGAAATCGCTGACCAACGTTAACG
>non-promoter squence 2316
AAGCTCACGCTATCGTGCATCGCTATTTTGGTCCCCATGTTTTACTGGGCGATGAAGTGGTAACGGCGACCCATAAACAC
A
>non-promoter squence 2317
GGTCCCCTCGCCCCCTTGGGGAGAGGGTTAGGGTGAGGGGGCGTTCACCGTACTTTCAACAGGTTAACTCCCCCTTTC
TGA
>non-promoter squence 2318
TGGAGCAGGGCGCAATGCAGCCGAGCTTCAAATCGGTGACCGGCAAAGGCGGCATCAAAGTGATTGATGGCAGTAGC
GTCA
>non-promoter squence 2319
GAAAGAGCTGGAGTACATCGCCGCGGGTGGTGCGCTGATCAATATGGATCAGCAAAACACCAAAGTTAAAGTGCCGTT
CAG
>non-promoter squence 2320
CGTTGAAACTGAAAACGGCATGATCACCTTCCTGGACACCCCGGGGCACGCCGCGTTTACTTCAATGCGTGCTCGTGGT
GC
>non-promoter squence 2321
ATGCCAAACGTGTTTACCGGATCATGCGCCAGAATGCGCTGTTGCTTGAGCGAAAACCTGCTGTACCGCCATCGAAACG
GG
>non-promoter squence 2322
GTGTCGGGGCCAGTGTGGCACGGGCTGCGCGCTGGGGACGCATTGAGAATTACATGGCGCAAGTTAACGATTCGCTTT
GTC
>non-promoter squence 2323
GCGGGAAGATTTACGTGATATCTGGCAAAACGACCAGTGGCGGATTGTCGGTTTACTAACCATTTTCAATATCCTGGCGG
T
>non-promoter squence 2324
TCGATAAAACCTGGAATCGTCATGATCTGTATTTAAGTACGCTGGTGGTACGTCCTGGCGATAAATCTCGCTCCGCGACGC
>non-promoter squence 2325
CGCGCAAACGTAGCATTCCGGGGATATCGTTTATACGTGATTACGCCGATAACCACGATTACATTAATGCACTGGCGAAC
A
>non-promoter squence 2326
ATTGTTGCAGGTAATAAAAATGAACTCTTACTGCTGGATCTATCCCATAATAAACTAACAAGTTTACACAATGACTTATTT
>non-promoter squence 2327
GATTGATTTCAACGGCAAACTGGTTGCGCTGTTTGGTTGTGGTGACCAGGAAGATTACGCCGAATATTTCTGCGACGCA
TT
>non-promoter squence 2328
TTATTACAATTGCGCACCCGCGCATACGACGTATCCCACCAAAAAAGTCACACCGGACGAAGTATCTCCAGTCACGTTAG
G
>non-promoter squence 2329
TCAGCAAGTACCGAAAACAGGCGTGCAGCTGGTCGCCTATGCGTCGGAAGAACCGCCCTTCTTTCGTAGCGATGAAAT
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2330
CAGCGGCAAAAAAGTGATGGCTAACTCGGCGGCCTCTTCCCTGAAAGAAGTGACCATGGAACTGGGCGGTAAATCACC
GCT
>non-promoter squence 2331
AGGGGTTTTCCGCAGGCAGGAGAGCAAAATGCCACGCTCTGTTCGTTGATAAAAGGCCGCATAGCGGCCTTTTTCCTTT
CT
>non-promoter squence 2331
GGCTGGCGGCACCGCTGAACAAGTTGAACGTGCCACACCGATCCTGATGGCGATGGGCAGTGAGTTGATCAACGCTG
GCGG
>non-promoter squence 2332
CAGCTGGTGTAAGTAAATTCTATCAACGAAGATCAATCTTATCTACTGACCAAAAAGGCCTGATAGGGCTTCGCTCACTAT
>non-promoter squence 2333
GCGCTGGGCAACAAAACCTGTTGAAATTATTGCTTTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCAGGCATCTGAGC
AT
>non-promoter squence 2334
GGATCTGCAGACCGCCAAAGAGTGCGCACGCGATGTAGAAGCGGTGCTATCGAGTGACTCCTATCCCTTCTTTCTTGAT
GC
>non-promoter squence 2335
TCGCCCTGTTGGTACAGAAAAAAATCACTTAATTGGCGAGACGTTGAAATCAGCGGGCATCACGGTGTTGTTTAACCAG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2336
GTTGATGACCCTGCCGTTCTGTCTGGCATCGTTTGGTTATCACGGTAACGTGCCAAGCCTGATGAAGTATTACGGCAAAG
A
>non-promoter squence 2337
TAGTCAGGATGGTCTGACCTTTACCGACCTGCTACGTTCTAAAACCTATCGCGGCAACGTGCTGATATACGCAGCCTGTTC
>non-promoter squence 2338
CAATGGCTGGGATGAATTCAGCATTCCAAAAGAGGTCGCTCGCCAGCTGATTGATATGCATGTACGCCGCGGTGACGCG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2339
GACCAAACGTCTGGATCACTTCGCCGCTCACGGCTGTAAAGTGTCTGACCACGCGCTGGATGTGGTGATGTTTGCTGAA
GC
>non-promoter squence 2340
AATCCACGAATCCATTGAAGGTGAAGAAGAAGGGCTGAAAACACGCGTTTCATCATTCCTCGGCGCTATCGTGCAGATT
AT
>non-promoter squence 2341
TACTGGCATGCTGGCTCGGCTTTGTGCTGATCAATGCCGTTGGGGATAATGGTCACCACTATCGCATTCGTCGTCAGGGG
T
>non-promoter squence 2342
CTGGCGGGCGTAATAGCGAAATGACCTTAACCAGCAACTGGCCGCATCCCAGTTTTTTAGGTGATTTTCTACCAGCCAA
AC
>non-promoter squence 2343
GACACCAAAAGGTGCTTACTTCGCTAACATCGCGGGTGTGTGTGCGGCGATGGCTGTCTCCTTCGTTGTCTCTGCTATTT
T
>non-promoter squence 2344
TCTACAGTGGCCTGATGGACATGATGAATGACAACGAAATTGAAGGCGTTCTGGGCCATGAACTGGGCCACGTCGCGTT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2345
CCCAAAAGTGCCCGGACAGTCCCCTCGCCCCTTCGGGAAAAGGGTTAGGGTGAGGGGAAAATTGTGTTCACACTGAC
GAGT
>non-promoter squence 2346
AACAGGGTTACACTCTGAAAGAAGATGCTGGTCGCGGCTATCGCCGTGTTGTTGCCTCGCCAAAACCGGTTGATATCATT
G
>non-promoter squence 2347
CGATCTGGTCCAGGAAGGTCTACGTATTCAGATCATCGATAGCCAGAATCGCCCGATGTTTAGAACCGGCAGTGCCGATG
T
>non-promoter squence 2348
AGGCCGCAGTACCCGCAGTGCAAACAGAACATTGTTTTCTCACCCACGGTGACATGCCAACCCTCACCATCGATATTTTT
A
>non-promoter squence 2349
TCCCGGCAAAAGCGCAGTTTTATCAGAATCTGCAAAACTACCTGGAAACCGAACTCAAACGTGATAATCCGGTACTGATT
A
>non-promoter squence 2350
CTGCGCCTTTATTTATCACCAGCAGGAAACGCCTTGTCCATAGACGCCCCTTCCACATGCGCCACAAGAAACCTCTATTCC
>non-promoter squence 2351
ATGAATCACCACAGGCCTGATAAGTCGCGCAGCGTCGCATCAGGCAATGTGCTCCATTGTTAGCAACAAAAAAGCCGAC
TC
>non-promoter squence 2352
TGAAGTGGTGCTGGTTGGTGCAGGTCCGGGCGATGCCGGGCTGCTGACACTGAAAGGACTGCAACAAATTCAGCAGG
CAGA
>non-promoter squence 2353
ATTTAAATACACCACGTTTCCTCCTGTGCCGTATTTGTGCCATTGTAACCTTGGCAATTCATCAAAATACTGTTCTGACAT
>non-promoter squence 2354
TCTTGGCTCCGCAACGCCCGCGCTGGAAACGTTATGCAACGTCCAGCAGAAAAAATACCGCCTGCTGCGCCTGACCCGT
CG
>non-promoter squence 2355
TATTCAGCGCAAATTTGGTCCATTTGGCGAGCCTGTCACCGTGGGTTTTGTGATGGGGCTGATTATCGGCATCCTCGCGG
G
>non-promoter squence 2356
TCCGCGCGTTAGCCTGCTGTTCCCGTGGCATACCCTTGAGCGCCAGGTGATGGTGATCGGTAAAGCAGAACGACTTTCG
AC
>non-promoter squence 2357
CAGAAGAAGTTGATGTTTTTATCAAAATTTTTGAAAGTTGGGTAACAAAATTACCATCAATATCAGGTCCTGTAAATCTCC
>non-promoter squence 2358
TTGGGATGGTGATTTTGCAAGGTGGCGTCTGGTTACAACTGAAAACTGTTGGTGTGATTCATCTGCGTTCACAGCTGGC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2359
CCGGCAAAAACCATCTGGCGGCGGCAATCTGCAACGAGCTGCTGCTACGCGGTAAATCCGTATTGATCATCACCGTGGC
CG
>non-promoter squence 2360
GCTGATTGAAGCGATTAAATCAGCGAAGTTACCGCACGATCGTTACCAGACCACCACCATTGTTAACACCGACGACGCG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2361
TAGCGCATCAGGCAATGTTGCGTTTGTCATCAGTTTCAAATGGCGCTGTAAAAGGCGTCATTTTCATATTGTAGACAACG
T
>non-promoter squence 2362
GCTGGCGGCGTTACTGGGGATCACGGTCATGGGCGAAATTGAGCCGTTGGTGCCGTGGGGCGAACTGACCATGCCTGT
GCC
>non-promoter squence 2363
TATTGAACGTGAATTGCCCAGCCAGTTTGGCGTCGGGAATACCCTTAATTTGCAACTTAACGACGAAGATTTCAGCATGG
C
>non-promoter squence 2364
AGCAATCGGTATGATTTTGTGGTTCGACGGGCAAACCAGCCTCGCAATCTGGTGCTTTGCGATGATCGCCGCCATCCTGC
C
>non-promoter squence 2365
TGCAACGCTATCTTTTACAGCGCCACCAGCAGGCTGGTGTGCGCATTCTGCTCAATAATGCCATTGAACATGTGGTCGAT
G
>non-promoter squence 2366
AAATGGCAAGTCGCGCTTTGCCGAATTGCTTGATGGTGTGGCGTCAGGGCAGTTAAAAGCGTCCTCTGTAAAAAATATT
TT
>non-promoter squence 2367
ACGGCGCAGGCACGCCGGGGCGTAAAGGCGTTATTCTGAGTGGTTTCTCCGGCTCTACGTCGATTCCGCCTGTTCACGA
CA
>non-promoter squence 2368
GTGGCAAGCCAGTGCAAATCATCACTAATTATCTACCGCTGGCAAATTACCTGATCGATCAAGAACATGACAGCGTGATC
A
>non-promoter squence 2369
AAGTCATGAAACGATTCAAACATGGCGCGAATATTTATGTGATGCCTCCTTTACCGTCGCTCTCTGGTTAACACCCCATGC
>non-promoter squence 2370
TGACGCAGGCGAAAGCGGAAGCACGACCGATTTACGACATCGCTAATAAAAAATCCCTCGCGGCGGAAGACAGCAAG
CTGG
>non-promoter squence 2371
GATTTTGACTCGGCTCATTATTTGCCCGCTTGAGACATTGTTTCCATATGTACGCGGGCGAATAAATAGAGGAATCTGATT
>non-promoter squence 2372
AGCCTTTTGCCTTTGCAGCGGACCAGGTGGTAAAAGCGAAACTGACGGCAGGGCAGATGTCGATGGATTTCAACATCA
TGA
>non-promoter squence 2373
TGTCACCAATCAAGGGGCAGAGACGCTGCCATTTGGTACCGGCTGGCATCCTTATTTTCCGTTGTCGCCGCAAACGCGG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2374
CACAAATGAAATCAGAAACCCACCTCAACTACCCACAGTTGTTGGGTTCCGTTTTCAGTATGTTTATCAGCGATAAAATTC
>non-promoter squence 2375
GACGGTGGCGTTCGGCATGGGCATCAATAAACCAAACGTTCGCTTCGTGGTCCACTTTGATATTCCGCGCAATATCGAAT
C
>non-promoter squence 2376
CATTGTCGATCAGGCGCGTAACGGCGCTGATTTCGGTAAGCTGGCGATTGCTCATTCTGCCGACCAGCAGGCGCTGAAC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2377
TCCGGTATTCTTCGGTACTGCGCTGGGTAACTTCGGCGTCGATCATATGTTGGATGGCCTGGTGGAGTGGGCACCTGCG
CC
>non-promoter squence 2378
GCAAGATGTCGAATCCTTCGAACCCAACAGTAAATACACAATACACGAAGTGGTTTTGGGACCTGGTTATGGTACTCCA
GA
>non-promoter squence 2379
TGAGTTTGGTCTTGATTTCCACGGTCGCGTCAGCGCGCCGATGGCGAAAGTGCTGATTAAAGAACTGGAGCCGTATCGC
CC
>non-promoter squence 2380
CTCGCCGCGTTGGTGGTTCTACTTATCAGGTACCAGTTGAAGTCCGTCCGGTTCGTCGTAATGCTCTGGCAATGCGTTGG
A
>non-promoter squence 2381
TCTATTGCCCGGCGGATGGCACGGTTTATATCGATCTCTCCTTCTATGATGACATGAAAGACAAACTTGGCGCGGATGGC
G
>non-promoter squence 2382
ACAGGCGACCCAGGCACGGCAAAGCCTGACACTGGAAGAGCTTTATCAGATGTTCCGCGATGGCGCGGACGGCGTAA
TCAG
>non-promoter squence 2383
TTATCCGCTCCCTGCGCGGCAACGTCGGCACTCGCCTGAGCAAACTGGATAACGGCGAATACGATGCCATCATTCTTGCC
G
>non-promoter squence 2384
CACTGCTGTTGGTGACGAAGGTGGCTATGCGCCGAACCTGGGTTCCAACGCTGAAGCTCTGGCTGTTATCGCTGAAGCT
GT
>non-promoter squence 2385
TCCGTGGGCGGCACAGCTTACCCAAATGGGCGTAGCCGCATGCGTATCGCTTGCAGTTATCGTTGGCGTCCAGCACTATA
A
>non-promoter squence 2386
TCAATGAAATGCAAATGCAGCCGCAGGAGCAGCAAACGGCAAGGCTTATCGTCGCCAGCCTGCTTAGCCACTGCCGCG
ATT
>non-promoter squence 2387
GTTCTATATGGGCATTCCGCGCCTGAAATTTCCGGCAGATGCGCCGAGTCGTTCCACGCTCAAACTGGAAGAGGCATTT
CA
>non-promoter squence 2388
CGCTGGATGAGCGTACAGCACGTTTGATCCTTGCGCTGGTCTTTGCCGCTAAAAGTGATGGTCATATTGATGCCAAAGAA
C
>non-promoter squence 2389
CGCAACATTGAGCGCGATCGGTCCCCTCGCCCCTCTGGGGAGAGGGTTAGGGTGAGGGGAAAAGGCGGCATCGAAG
CCAAT
>non-promoter squence 2390
GTAAAATGCTTCTGCCATGGTTATTCCCACAAACGAAACGGAATAATTTTGCAGCAAAAGTGAACAGTGAGAACCAGGA
AA
>non-promoter squence 2391
ATTGCATTACAGAACAATTGGAATTAACTATTGATTATTCAGATATATTTTGGAATGAAGATCTCGATGGTTATATCAATA
>non-promoter squence 2392
AATATCCTGGGTTCAAAACCCGGAACGATCTTCACTATGTTAAGGGATACTGGCGGCATAAAACCCCATGAGCGTAAGCG
G
>non-promoter squence 2393
CCGTGACCATTGAAGCAGCTGAAGGTGTGACTACCGGTGTTTCTGCCGCTGACCGTATTACGACCGTTCGCGCAGCGAT
TG
>non-promoter squence 2394
AAAGATTTTTGTAGACCTGGTCAGGCGTTCACATGGCATCCGGCATGAACAAAGCGTACTTTGCTTAATTCAGGCTGGA
AC
>non-promoter squence 2395
CAGCATGGACAAAGTGTTACGTCAGGCGGTTGTCGTTCCTGAAAGTAAGCGCGTAGACCGGATGCTGAAAGAGTTTCG
CTC
>non-promoter squence 2396
GCGTGGCGACTCACTGGACGCCTGTGCGGAACTGGGGCGTAAGCTGAATAATCAAGGCCACTCAATAGGTATCGCTCTC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2397
CCGCGCGGGTCTGGTGCCATTCACTCTGCATAAACCGTTGCTCGAAGAGTTACAGGTGCTGGCGGGCGTGGCGGTGCC
TTC
>non-promoter squence 2398
CCGTGCCGGAGAATATGTTGACCTGGGCGGCGTAGCCGGTACTGTGCTGAGTGTGCAGATTTTCTCCACCACCATGCGT
AC
>non-promoter squence 2399
GCGAATTTAAAAAGTTATTCGGCTGCTCTCCCCGTGAATACCGCCACCGTGATTATTGGGATCTCGCAAATATCTTCCCTT
>non-promoter squence 2400
GCCTAAAAAATCATTCAGATTCAATAAATTGCAACGTCATGTAGGCCGGATAGGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCATCTGC
G
>non-promoter squence 2401
CCGTACCGTTGATTGTCGCGGGGGGCACGGTGCTGGCGGTCGCGGTATTACTGTCGCAAATCTTCGGGCTACAAGATCT
GT
>non-promoter squence 2402
TTCGATGGCCGGCGCGGCGCTGTGCTTTTTTATCGCCAGAGTGATGGGCCGCGAAGTGGTGGAAAAATTAACCGGCAA
AAC
>non-promoter squence 2403
GCGCGGCGAAGAATTTAAGCAATTTTGCCAGTCTTGGTAGCGAATGCACCGTTGACCGTGAATTAAAGGCGCTGGCAC
AAG
>non-promoter squence 2404
TGAAGGTCAATATGCCCATGTTTATTCTGTCGATACCGATAATTTTGGCGACAGCATTGCGTTGACCGATGCATTAATTGA
>non-promoter squence 2405
TTACCCGTCAATGTGCTGACAATCCGGTCAGCAATCCGTGCCTGTTTGAGTATGTATACTTTGCCCGCCCGGACTCGTTTA
>non-promoter squence 2406
CGCTGTTGCTGGCGGCGTGATAGGGCATCAGTTTGGTGGTGGTCGCGGTAAAGATGTCGCCACTGTTGTGGGGGCGCT
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2407
TATTGATTACGGGTGGTACTGGCCTGACGGAAGGTGATCAGGCTCCCGAAGCATTGCTGCCGTTGTTCGACCGTGAAGT
TG
>non-promoter squence 2408
TTGGCGAGATGACGTTAACTATCGACCATTGTTTGTTGGTCTCCGGCACTACTGATTTATCCACCATCAATACGGTCTACA
>non-promoter squence 2409
GATGCTCGGTTCCATGCCATCTCAGCCAGACCTGACGATCATTGAATCCTCATCGCAAATCGCCTACAAGCTTTCAGGCC
G
>non-promoter squence 2410
AGCAGGCTGATTTCGCCGCTTTGTGGCAGGCGATCGCCGGGCACGAGATTTTTGTCATTAGCGATGAAGTCTACGAGCA
CA
>non-promoter squence 2411
AGAGCGTGTTGACGCGCTGGTTGCCGCAGGCGTTGACGTTCTGCTGATCGACTCCTCCCACGGTCACTCAGAAGGTGT
ACT
>non-promoter squence 2412
TCGCTTTAACTCGCGTTTGCAAGAACGTATTCGTAAATCTGAAGCGCTAACAGCCGGGAATACCGGTCTGACGCTGAATA
T
>non-promoter squence 2413
CCACTGCGAGCGCATTAAAGCCACCAACGGCAAAGATCGGGTGATCATGCACTGCCACGCCACCAACCTGATCGCCCTC
AC
>non-promoter squence 2414
TTGAAGCGATCAGTAATCGTGCCGATGGTGTTGGCAACAGTTTACTGGCACTGGGCGCACAGTATGGCTGGCAACTGG
CAG
>non-promoter squence 2415
CGATATGTGGGACGCCACTTTCTTCTGCGGTTCCTGTGCGGTGATTCGTCGTAAGCCGCTGGATGAAATTGGCGGCATT
GC
>non-promoter squence 2416
TTGATGTCTATCCCGGGAAAGATTTTGGCGATGACGATCCGCAATATCAGCAGGCGCTGAAGTACGACGACTTAATCGCC
A
>non-promoter squence 2417
CCCAGTTTGCGTTATCCAACCAGGCTAACGTCTTTAACGCCGAAGGCAAAATCACCCTTGATACACCAGAGATGATGCAG
G
>non-promoter squence 2418
AGTGGTCGGTATACGCCTTAATTGTCGCGACTATTATTGGCCTGGGTGTACTGGCAAAAATTTATCGCAAAGCAGAAAAC
C
>non-promoter squence 2419
CCATGCAGGCATGTATCGATCGCGGGATGAACACCGAAGGTGTACTGCCAGGCCCGCTGCGCGTGCCACGTCGTGCGT
CTG
>non-promoter squence 2420
CACCAGCAAAGGCGTCACCTTTACCGTCGCCATCGAGCCTCAGCATCGCGAACTGGTAAAAGGCGATAGCAAATTTGTC
GT
>non-promoter squence 2421
GCTGCTGCCGGAGATCCGCATTCGGGAAAACTTCCGCCTTAAGCCCAGTCAGTACGCCATTTTCATCAACGGCATAAAG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2422
GGGTGCCGATCTCACTAATGATCAGTGGGATGCGGTGATTGAAATTCTCAAAGCCCGCGAGCTTATTCCATTCCTCGATAT
>non-promoter squence 2423
TCTTTAAGCTGAAAGATTGCAAAGGGCCGGCGGGATACAACGTAAAAGTCACGCTCACGGGGGTAGAAGACAGCGAA
CAAC
>non-promoter squence 2424
TTAGAAATTATAGTTTATCTGACAAAAATAACAGCCAGCCAATATGTTTTTTCCTTGGTCGTGATAAAGGGCGTCTTCAAA
>non-promoter squence 2425
AATTGTCGGTGAGCCGGAAATGCCTTCTACCATTGCTGATGTGGCGCAGGAAAAAGGTGCACTGTTACAACGTCGGGG
CGT
>non-promoter squence 2426
GTTCAAGAACTTTAACTCCGCCACCTCCTACAGTGGCCCGGCGGCGATCCGTTTACTGCGCGCCAGCTGCGGGCAGACT
TC
>non-promoter squence 2427
CGCGCTCGGCAAGAAAGATCATGCCTTGCTGATCGATTGCCGCTCACTGGGGACCAAAGCAGTTTCCATGCCCAAAGGT
GT
>non-promoter squence 2428
TTATTGCATTGCGGGCTGTCCGTTCGACATTCCGCGCCTCAACCCGGAAGACAACCGCGTCTACAAATGTACGCTGTGCG
T
>non-promoter squence 2429
TGAAGTTCCGCGTGAAGCGCGTCCGATTACCGTTTATGAATTGCTGTTTATTCGCCATGAAGGCAATGAGCTGGAGCTG
GA
>non-promoter squence 2430
GGTGGCGGCGATTATTTTCGAACCGGTGCAGGGCGAGGGCGGTTTCAACGTTGCGCCAAAAGAGCTGGTTGCCGCTA
TTCG
>non-promoter squence 2431
AACAGCAACTGGCTGGCGAGCAGGTAGCGCTCTCTGACGAAGTCAACCAGTCGGAACAAACAACCAACTTCCATAACC
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2432
CGGGCATCCCTGAGGTTCAGGACTGGATCACATCAATAGTCGCAGAAGTGGTTTCCCGCTATCCCGTAGATGGCGTGCA
GT
>non-promoter squence 2433
GCCGCCGCTGGCTTATTTGCCGCTGATGGTGATCTGGTTTGGTATTGGTGAAACCTCGAAGATCTTACTGATCTATTTAGC
>non-promoter squence 2434
CCATGTTTATTTCATACATTGTGGGTATTGTTCTTATTATCGCCGCTAATCAATAAAATCCTGCCCCATATCTACATGGGG
>non-promoter squence 2435
GTCAGAACGGGCTCGTCTGCGGTGAGTCGTTTGGCGAGGTGCGGGTGCCACACAAGGGGGACGTGGTGAGTCAGGT
GATTG
>non-promoter squence 2436
TTCACGGTGCAGGGGGCAGCCTTGAGCAGGTCGGTAAAATTATGCTGCAACTGCTGCTGCCGTTTGTGTTGGGGCATC
TTT
>non-promoter squence 2437
AAGAGATGTCTACGTTTGAAATTGAGCAACAGTTACTGGAACAATTTCTGCGTAATACCTGGAAGAAAATGGACGAGGA
AC
>non-promoter squence 2438
GGTGACGGGGACTTCCGTGGCATTGTTGATGGGCGCTTCACCGGAAATCGCCGCGTCAATCCTGCCGAAATCAGTCACC
AC
>non-promoter squence 2439
TCCATTGAATGGCGTGTGCGACAGCTACAGCTGGGCAGAAGCTATCAGCCTGTTGCGCAACAACCGTGTGGTGATCCTC
TC
>non-promoter squence 2440
GCGGTAACAGTGGCGGGATCTTCCACGATCTCTACTGCGTGTGGGGCGGTACGGATAAAATTGTCCCTGTGGATGTTTAT
A
>non-promoter squence 2441
ACATAAGGCATTGCAACTGATTGAATGCTTGAGAATTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCATGACCA
AC
>non-promoter squence 2442
TCAGCGAATTTCAAACTACCCTTGATGCACTTGATAGTGTGATAGCGTCGCGCCTGATGCAGATGGCGCTGGAGGCGGC
AC
>non-promoter squence 2443
ACGTAGCGGAACTGGCTCTTGGCGGTACAGCGGTGGGTACTGGACTAAATACCCATCCGGAGTATGCGCGTCGCGTAG
CAG
>non-promoter squence 2444
TACCACGCAAAGTCGCGATCCGCTGGCTCCTCTCAGTGAAGCACAAACCTTACTCACTGTTCACTGGTATCTGCGAAATC
A
>non-promoter squence 2445
GCGTGAGGCACTGGTTCCGTTTGGCAAAGATGCACCGCTTTTGATTGCTGTGACAGTGTTGACCAGCATGGAAGCCAG
CGA
>non-promoter squence 2446
TCCACGTTAATACCCCATACCTGCTCAACCATGCGCTGGAAAGATTACTGCGTGGGCACGGACACGCCGCCAGCGATATC
A
>non-promoter squence 2447
CAAAATAGGAATTGATAATCAAATCTGTCACTATTGCGCCTCTAACAGATTCATCGTGCTGTACCCTACATACAGCCGAAC
>non-promoter squence 2448
GTGGCCCTTTCCGTGAGACGCCATTGCGCGATTTGGCAACAATGACGCCGGATCAAGCCTGCCGTCATCCGAACTGGTC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2449
GTTAGCCAATCACGACTTCCGCACTTTAATGCGCGTCACGCGTCTGAAAGAAGATGTGCTGAAAGAAGCCGTCAATCTG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2450
AAAAGATGCGCCGGTCATTGTCTACGTCTTCGCCGATCCGTTCTGCCCATATTGTAAACAGTTCTGGCAGCAGGCGCGCC
C
>non-promoter squence 2451
AGCGTAATACCACGCCGAAACTGGCCCAGGAGAAAAATCTGGCGGCGTTCCGTGGTTACTCCTGTGATACCGCAACCAA
AC
>non-promoter squence 2452
ACAAATATCCTCAGCGTTTACAGTTGTTGTGCATTTTCAGTCAGGAAACCCTCGACAGCGATCTGCTTCACGGGCGTATT
G
>non-promoter squence 2453
ACGTTATCGTTATTGCGGCACCGATGTATAACTTCAACATCTCGACTCAGTTGAAAAACTATTTTGACCTGGTTGCCCGCG
>non-promoter squence 2454
CAAATGGTTTGTGGTGCCGTCACTGATCGCCATGATCACCACTATCGGCGTAATGATCGTCACTTCACTTTCCGTCGCCCG
>non-promoter squence 2455
TGCGACGCTAGTGCGTCTTATCAGGCCTACAAACCGGCTCTTTAACGCGTAGGGCGGATAAGGCGTTTACGCCGCATCC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2456
AGCCTGGTGATATTCTTTATATTCCGCCAGGATTCCCGCATGAAGGCTACGCGCTGGAAAATGCGATGAACTATTCCGTG
G
>non-promoter squence 2457
CCGACGCCATTCTATACCTGATAATTCTTCCCGCGGCGTTCACGTTTAAAATCAGGAATGCTGCTCGCAAAATAAAAACGC
>non-promoter squence 2458
TATCGCGGCGTGGACTTACCGCGCACCGGTTGAAGATCAGGCGCGTTTAGGTTTTGCCATCGCCCATGCGCTGGATAAC
TC
>non-promoter squence 2459
GCAGGAGAAAGCGCGACGCAACGGCTGGCAGGGCGCGCTATTTCCGTGGGAAAGCGCGCGCAGCGGCGAAGAAGA
GACGCC
>non-promoter squence 2460
ATCGCAAAGCTGGGAAAAGGCGATGCATATCTCGCTGGTGCTGTACGCCGAACACGAGTTTAACGCCTCCACCTTTACC
AG
>non-promoter squence 2461
CGAACTGACGGTAACGATTCTGGCTAAACCACGCCACGATGCCGTTATCGCTGAAATGCAGCAACTCGGCGTACGCGTA
TT
>non-promoter squence 2462
TGCAACCTGGTGAATTTGTAGCCCGGATAAGGCATTCATGTCACATCCGGCATAAACAAAACGTACGTTGTTAATGTTCG
A
>non-promoter squence 2463
TGGAAGAGGGCCTGGTTGAACTGCGCGGTGAAAAGCAGATTGAAATCAAATCCGGTGCAAAAACGTCCGTCTGGCTG
TTCC
>non-promoter squence 2464
AGCCGGAAATGGCGATGGCGCTACTGCAAGCCAGCCACGAGGCAGGCATTCATACTGCGGTAGAAACCTGTCTGCATG
TGC
>non-promoter squence 2465
TGCTAAAAAATCTTTTCTGAATGTAAAAAAGCTAGAAATCACACAGAAACTTCCAATGATGGGGTTCATACAAGGTGAAT
C
>non-promoter squence 2466
TTACGACGACAAAAGCTGGCAGTCGCTGTTAACGCAACTTGGCGAAATTACCGGGCATGAGAAACAAGCGGCAGAGC
GGAT
>non-promoter squence 2467
CAGCGTCGAGGCGGAGCTGGGGCAACTTGGCGGCCAGGAAGATGATGTGCAAGTCAATGAAGCCGATGCGTTGTACA
CCAA
>non-promoter squence 2468
GCGCGGTGTAAAGCTGTCGGCGGAAGATATCTGGGATCGCTGCGCCTATGTGCTGTCAGTAAAAATGCAGGATCCGCAG
TT
>non-promoter squence 2469
CTTATGGCCTCGGCAAAGCTGAAGAACTGTTCGGCGAGGAGATCAGCGAAGAGGACAAAGAGACAGAATCTACCGAT
ATGA
>non-promoter squence 2470
TTCTACGCCACAACCGCCTCTGCCAAAAGATGTCACCTGCGAACTGGAACGTACCGCAATCTCCCTTCCGGCGGAGCTT
AC
>non-promoter squence 2471
TCTGGGATTTGATGCCTTTATCACAACAGGGACGAGGCCCGTAGATCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGAATCCGGCAGTTG
TG
>non-promoter squence 2472
GCAAACTGGTGCTGATGGGCGGCGGTACGGGCGGCATGAGTTTGTTTACGCCGATGCCAACCGAAGGTATTAAGCGAC
TGA
>non-promoter squence 2473
AAGCCGTTTGCAGCCAGGATGCAATGGATGACATCATCCTCGCCTCTGACGTGGTAATGGTTGCACGTGGCGACCTCGG
TG
>non-promoter squence 2474
TGTACTGTTCCTCTCTGGCCTTAGCTGGCGTCTGATTGGCGTCGCAGTAGTGCTGGTAGCGGCGTTCATTCCGATTCTGT
G
>non-promoter squence 2475
TGTACAACATTCCAGCCCTGAGTGGGGTAAAACTGACCCTGGATCAGATCAACACACTTGTTACATTGCCTGGCGTAGGT
G
>non-promoter squence 2476
GCGTGGTGCTGGAGATGATCACCCGCCTCGCGCCGAACGCGGAAATCGGCAAGATCAAAAACGATCTCAAGCAGTTGC
CGA
>non-promoter squence 2477
ATAAAGCCAGTATTCTCAAATCATTTTGCGCGATATTTCGGAATCCGCCATTGCTGGTTTTATGCATTGCTAACTTGTGTA
>non-promoter squence 2478
TTTCAGCAATATATTGAATTTACGTGCTTTTGTTGGCCGGACAAAGCGTTTACGCCGCATCCGGCATGAACAAAGCACAC
G
>non-promoter squence 2479
ATCGGCGTTTCTGGCGGCGATGAGCCATGAGATCCGCACACCGCTGTACGGTATTCTCGGCACTGCTCAACTGCTGGCA
GA
>non-promoter squence 2480
TACCACGTTTGATAAGGATAAAATCCCGACATGGTCCGTAAAAGCAGATAAAGCCAAGCTGACCAATGACCGGATGCTCT
A
>non-promoter squence 2481
CGCGACCAAAAATTTACTCGTTCGCCGTGTACTGGATGATTTTAACGCTGGGGCCGCTGCTGGCAGGGGCCAGTCTGGC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2482
GCACTAACATGAAATTGCTGGCGGAACGCGGCGTGCAGGTGTTCTTCACTCAGGTCTTTCGCGACAGCTTTTTCCATGC
CG
>non-promoter squence 2483
TCACAGCGAAAAGCGCGGCCAGTGGAGCATGAAGCAATTCGATCAATCCTACGCCGAGCAGCTGTTTGAGCTACGCGA
AAT
>non-promoter squence 2484
AGTATCAGTTATTTCTCTGATCTCTTTAGTCATTTGGGAGTCGACCTCAGAGAACCCGATTCTTGATCTCAGTTTGTTTAA
>non-promoter squence 2485
GCGCAGTTTTCCCTATGAGTTGACCGAAGGTGAATGTCAGAAAGTGATGATAGCCATTGCACTGGCGAATCAACCGCGT
CT
>non-promoter squence 2486
GGCTACCCGCGAAGATATCGTCAAAATGCGTCAGGCATTGCAACTGGAAGAGCGTGAACTGGCTTCCAGTGCGCCGGG
CAG
>non-promoter squence 2487
TATTTCCACTATTTTTATTCGCACCGCGTTTCGTCAGCATCCCGATAAAGCGCAGGAAGTGCTGGCTACCGCTAATGAAGT
>non-promoter squence 2488
AGGTTGAGCATATTCAGATCCTCGCCTGTGGTACTTCTTATAACTCCGGTATGGTTTCCCGCTACTGGTTTGAATCGCTAG
>non-promoter squence 2489
TTCTTTCCCGCCACTGGTCGCAGCTGTCGCCGGACTTTCCGCTACAGGAATTTGTCTGTTATGCCCGCGAGCAAGTGATG
A
>non-promoter squence 2490
GGAAGCGGCTTACGGCTGGCAGATGAAACGTGATGGTAAATATTTGCGCCGGGTGGTGGCGTCTCCGCAACCGCGTAA
AAT
>non-promoter squence 2491
TATTAACCGCCTTTAAAACCATCAATCTGGAGCCGGGATTTTTCACCATCGTGGTCGGTCATGCGACTTTTTGTGTAGTTG
>non-promoter squence 2492
GCTGTATGGCGTGATGACCAACGTTTTAGGGCTGGGAAAAGCCGTCGATTTTACTCTCGTCAGCCATGCTGCCTGGTTC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2493
CACTATTCGCCTTGTTTGTACTGCTGAGTGTGGCGGTTAATTTCGTTCCCACGCCGTGGTGGGGAATGAACAGTGTGATC
C
>non-promoter squence 2494
GCTGATTGGTTCATTGTCGCCATCACCGCTGGACGGTGTATTAAGTAAAGCGTCAACGCTGGAGATTTTTCATCAGGAAC
T
>non-promoter squence 2495
TTTCTGCCAATCCCTCCACCCGTGAGCGCAAAAAAATTCATCAGTGGTATTACCGCGCCGATGATCTTGAGCATAAAACC
G
>non-promoter squence 2496
TGGGGCACTTTGAAAACGCGCTCGAAATTCCGGCAGATACCTTCCGTGAGCAGCTGCCAAAAGCAGTCGAGATGATGC
AGG
>non-promoter squence 2497
AACTGACCTCACGTCTTATCACCAACACATTAACCCAGTTGGATACCTCAGGTTCCACACTGAATGTGGGCGTGGATTATA
>non-promoter squence 2498
TTGGCGCGCGCGGCTTTGATGGCAGCACCGTGTTTTATCCGCTGACGCATAACCTGCATCAGGACGGTATTTTGCGCAC
CA
>non-promoter squence 2499
GGCTTCGGGCAAATCCGATCAAAACTATTCTCGACAATCAAAAGCGCCTGGACAGTAAAGGGAATATTAAACGCTGTCG
GG
>non-promoter squence 2500
TCATGCCGATGGCTTTACCAACCCGAAAGCTGCCGGTGCTTCGGTATTTGCCCTCTCTAACCGTGGGGCAAGTAGCGCA
AT
>non-promoter squence 2501
TCTTCGGCTGGTTTAACCGCATGTTCGAGAAGAGCACGCACCACTACACCGACAGCGTAGGCGGTATTCTGCGCAGTAC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2502
GGACGCCGGGATTATCCGCCATCGAGGGAAAATTCAGGCAATTATTGGTAATGCGCGGGCGTACCTGCAAATGGAACA
GAA
>non-promoter squence 2503
CCACAATAGTAAACTTGACTTAACAGATCTTCACTTGGGGTCTTTGCCACCTCTTCCATCCTGGATTGAGGTGCTTTATCT
>non-promoter squence 2504
TATCGCTAACCCAAACACAGTGCCGCAGAAAATTGACGGTTTTGAATGGCTGCCAATTAACTTATATATCAATGGCGATAC
>non-promoter squence 2505
ATTTATCCGGGCTACATGATGCTTCATGGTTTGCGATTGTTACGCCGATGTCGTTTGGTATGCCGATTTTCGATCCCGTTT
>non-promoter squence 2506
GGGTGGTGCAGTGTATCTGGACGTCAACTATAAATTTGTACCATGGTTTAATCTGACAGTACGAAATCGCTATAACCATAA
>non-promoter squence 2507
CAAAGATGTGAGTAATAAAATTCTCACCAACCAGACCAACCTGACCTCGACGTTCTATACCGGTTCTATCGGTCATGATGT
>non-promoter squence 2508
ATCTGTCTGCCGGAATGGGTGACGTAATCGCTATGGCACTGGGCGGAACGGCGTTAGTGTTCTTCTGCTGCTCTGCATAT
G
>non-promoter squence 2509
AAACTATTCATCTTAATTTTGCTGACACCCGCGCTCATTTACAGCTCAATGATATGATTTCCGCCCTGGAAGACATCATTA
>non-promoter squence 2510
GGCTCTCGAAAACCTTGGTTTGGGAGAAGGAGCAAAACTCAATGCAGCAACGGCTACATTAGGACGCACCGGTTTCAT
AGC
>non-promoter squence 2511
ATATTCCGCCGGATGAACTTTATCGAAATGGCCTGCAACGTGCGCGTTTTCTGCCTGCAATCGATGCCATTAAACAGCATT
>non-promoter squence 2512
GAGAGCTGAGGGAATTTGAACTGGCAGACGGAAACTGGTTACTGAACAATGCCTGGTATGAAAGAAACATGGCAGGG
TTTA
>non-promoter squence 2513
CTTGTCTGCTGAACAACGTGAAGACCGCGCGAACGAGCTGATGGAAGAGTTTCACATTGAGCACCTGCGTGACAGCAT
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2514
CAAAGCGCAGCGCAAACTGTTCTTCAACCTGCGTAAAACCAAGCAGCGTCTGGGCTGGTTTAACCAGGATGAAGTCGA
AAT
>non-promoter squence 2515
GATGATGGTGCGTGTGTATAACAGCATTGATACCGTTCCGACCTGGTACAGCATCTGGACGCCGATGGGCTTCTTCCTGA
C
>non-promoter squence 2516
AGTCTGACCCGGTGGATACCAATGCCGAAAGCCGCCTGCACCGTAAAGAAGCGCGTGAAGTGGCGCGCGAAAGCTTG
GTGT
>non-promoter squence 2517
CGTGGAGTCTGCGCTGGCTGACTATTTTGCTGCCATCGCCAACTGCTTTACCAGCAAAGACACCCCGGCAGGCTGCTTC
AT
>non-promoter squence 2518
AGCCAGACCTTGGTACGGTGGTGGTGTTGTTTGTGACTACGCTGGCGATGTTGTTCCTGGCGGGAGCGAAATTGTGGC
AGT
>non-promoter squence 2519
AGTGACACAGGCCGGGCATCAGGCAACGATTGTTTCGACAGATAAAGGCTACTGTCAGTTACTTTCACCGACATTACGT
AT
>non-promoter squence 2520
TTATTCGCCCATGACTCGTCTTGCCGCAAGAGCTGGACATCTCGCATTGTACCTATTGCTTTTCGCCATCGGCATCAGCGG
>non-promoter squence 2521
CGATCCGCAAACTGAAATCATTGCGCTTATCTCCAAACCGCCTGCGCCTGCGGTGGCCCGCAAAGTGCTGGAACGTGCG
CG
>non-promoter squence 2522
GATGGTGGGCGGCGACAAGGCTATTTTCGACAAATACTATGATTTGATGAAAGCGATGGCGGGTTCCGTGGTGCATACC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2523
TGGGGATTCGTCCTCGTGGGCCGCAAATTGAACCTGTACTGGAAAATGTGCAGCCAAACTCGGCGGCAAGCAAGGCA
GGTT
>non-promoter squence 2524
CATGGCCTCTATCTGTTATATGACCGGCGAAATTAAAAACCCCGGAAAAACCATGCCACGAGCGCTGATTGGTTCCTGTC
T
>non-promoter squence 2525
GAGCGCCTTATCCGACCTACGGTTCGGTATCTCTGGTAGTCCTGGTAAGACGCGAACAGCGTCGCATCAGGCATATTGCC
A
>non-promoter squence 2526
CCTTCTGGCTGCGTATCAATGAGAAAAAGCATCTGTTCGCGGGTGAGGACTATTTTCTCAGTATCCTCGGATTGGATGCG
C
>non-promoter squence 2527
TTGAGGCATTTCAGGCGTTTCATCGCCCGCGCGTGGAAGCCTTGCTGGATGCCGGGGCCGATCTGCTGGCCTGCGAAA
CCC
>non-promoter squence 2528
TGCTGGTTGGGCCATACAGTAATTATGGACCTGGCTTTGATTATGTCGGCGGCACCGGTTGGAACAGTGGCAAACGTAA
AG
>non-promoter squence 2529
CGTGCTGGCGGGGGCGCTACAAGGCTATTACGGCGGTAAAGTCGATCTCTGGGGACAACGCTTTATTGAAGTATGGTC
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2530
GAGAGTACGTTTACAGGGAAAATGCCAGCTAGCAGAATTACCTTCTGCCGGGGTGAGTTGGGAAACCGATGATAATGG
CTT
>non-promoter squence 2531
TGCTCGGTTCTGAAGATTATTATGCGCTGGGGATCGGTATCGGCGGCACACTTGGCGCACTGGGCGCGTTGTCGATGGA
TA
>non-promoter squence 2532
TTATGGTCATCTGCAAATTCTTCCCGGCGGCGGAAGGCTTGATGACTGGCTGGATCCACCAACGCACGTTACCGGCTTTT
A
>non-promoter squence 2533
TCATCCCGCTTAATGAAACCGCGAATGGTGAAAACGGTGCCGCGCAGCAGGGGCAGAGCCAATCAACGTTGCCGCGCC
CGG
>non-promoter squence 2534
ACGGGTCACACCTGTACCACTGGAAGTCTTTGCTTTCGGCAGCCTGTGCATTATGTCGGAAGGTCGTTGCTATCTGTCGT
C
>non-promoter squence 2535
TCACCATGAGTGATATCGATAAGCTTTCCCGCAAGGTTCCACAGCTGTGTAAAGTTGCGCCGAGCACCCAGAAATACCAT
A
>non-promoter squence 2536
CACTCTGCTGGTTGAAACCGTTAAACAGTTCCACCGTTCCGGGCGTATCGTCGCGGCTATTTGCGCCGCGCCAGCCACC
GT
>non-promoter squence 2537
TGCGCTGTGGTTCTGCTTCGCCGGTAACCTGCAAAATGCCGCGATCGTCGCTGTTCTTGGGCTGTTATGCGCCGCAATCT
T
>non-promoter squence 2538
TATTATCGTCGAGCCGGTGGCAGGCAATATGAACTGTGTTCCGCCGCTGCCAGAGTTCCTGCCAGGTCTGCGCGCGCTG
TG
>non-promoter squence 2539
GATGGGCGCGCTGGATAAAAAGCTGCGTGACAGGATGCAGCTTGAAGTGGTGGATATTCTGGAGCGCGTCGGTGTGA
CTTG
>non-promoter squence 2540
CCCTGTTACCAAAAACGCTTTTCACGACCGGTTATCGCTACACTAAATATTACGATGATGTCGAAGTCGATGCCTGGCAA
G
>non-promoter squence 2541
CGTATGGCACCTACGGTTCTGCGAATCGCGTGAATTTCCACGACGATATGTTCCTGTACGGTATCGGCTACAATTTCACCG
>non-promoter squence 2542
TCAAAGAGTACATCCGTCTGAAGCTGGAAGTCTCACGCGATTATCCGCAGGCTTCGCGCCTGTTCTGTATGGAGATGCTG
G
>non-promoter squence 2543
GGTTTCTATTGTGGTGACGTCTTGCTGTGGATTATTTTTCGGTGATGTTCATTTTAGCGGCGTCTATTCCATTCCGCCTGA
>non-promoter squence 2544
GGATGAGTTTGACGATCCGCAACTTGCCCGGCAGTTGTACACCGAAGCTTTTCTGTTGGTGGATATCACCATCGTACCTG
A
>non-promoter squence 2545
GCATCAGGCATTATGGCGCAGTTGCCGGATGCGGCGTGAACGTCTTATCCGGCCCACAGGAACTGTAATCTTTGTAGAC
CG
>non-promoter squence 2546
GCTGGGTGAGTTCACCATTACGCTGGACTGCGACGTGCTTCAGGCTGATGGTGGCACGCGTACCGCGTCGATTACGGG
TGC
>non-promoter squence 2547
TCTATTTCGCCAGTCAGATGACGCTCTCTTTCTTCTGGCCTCTACCACTGGTGCTGCTGGTTCTGGGTGCGCTGTTACTGG
>non-promoter squence 2548
AATCGCGATGGTTCTTCAGGCGACGCAGGCACAAAAACTGGGGCTGCGGGCAGAATACGGTATCGATTACCAGCTATT
GCA
>non-promoter squence 2549
TTATCGGTGTTACCGAAGGCTTCACTAAGAAGCTGCAGCTGGTTGGTGTAGGTTACCGTGCAGCGGTTAAAGGCAATGT
GA
>non-promoter squence 2550
GGGTGGCGATTAAAGCTGGCTCATTAATTGCCGTGCTTATTTTGCGACAGACCAACAACTATAACAGCGATGATTTCCAG
T
>non-promoter squence 2551
GAACCGCATCGAACCTGGCGACGTGCTGGTTACTGACATGACCGACCCGGACTGGGAACCGATCATGAAGAAAGCATC
TGC
>non-promoter squence 2552
CATGGTGCTGGTAACCGAGCATTATCACAGCTGGTGGGTGACATTACCGGCGGCAACGATGATCGCCCGTGAAATTATTA
T
>non-promoter squence 2553
CAACACCTGGGCAGCCGGTGTGCTGTTTAAGGCGCTGGATTTTGGCATCGATGTTTCTATTCAAGCCGCCACCAAATATC
T
>non-promoter squence 2554
CATTGAATATCAGTCTGCAAACCCTGAAACGGAATCGCCCGCTGTTTATGTTGTGCATCGGTGCGCTGTGTGTGCTGATT
T
>non-promoter squence 2555
CATAAAATTAGCCATGATGTTTTTGAACCTTATCCCGCGGCGTTACATGGTCAATTTGATTCCATTTCCATGTCTTACCTT
>non-promoter squence 2556
ATATGCGTGAGTTATTAACCCAGATGGGCCATCTGTATGGCCATGTGGCAGATGAACTCGCGACCCCGTCCTCTGCTATTC
>non-promoter squence 2557
GGCATCGTTTAATGAATCGTCAGCGGTGGCTTGATTACTGGCAGAATATTTATTCGCGCTCGCTTAGCGTTCTTCCCTACT
>non-promoter squence 2558
TGCGCGGGTAAAGGTCATCTGCAACGACATTAAAATCGCCAATGAACTGGGCTGTTTTCCCCATGTGGAAAGTTACATTA
T
>non-promoter squence 2559
GAATAAAAACGTTATTATTATTGGTGCCGGAACCATTGGCCTGCTGGCCATTCAGTGCGCTGTCGCGCTGGGAGCAAAG
AG
>non-promoter squence 2560
GGAGCAAGCCTGGCGTGGCAACCTGCGCTACCTGGACACATTAAACCGACTTGATGAAGTATTGCCCCGCAAACTGTAC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2561
ATCGCCGCGCAGAATTTCAGATAATTATCTCCCCGGAGTATCAGGGGAAAGGTCTGGCAACCCGTGCCGCCAAATTAGC
AA
>non-promoter squence 2562
TACTGAATTTGCAGTCAATGGGCGCAAGCTGTATTTGTCTCCAGTAATAGATCTCTTCAACAACGAAGTTATTTCTTACAG
>non-promoter squence 2563
TGCTACTGTGGCTGTTGCCGCGTTTACGCAGCATTAGCGCGCCGGATATGAAGGTCAACGATCGTGTCGCGGCTGAACG
CC
>non-promoter squence 2564
GTTCGCTACCGCCGCTGGGGCTGCTGGTGAAAAACGCCATTATTACGCTGCCGTTTACCCTGACGTCGATTCTGTTTATC
C
>non-promoter squence 2565
CGCCACGTTGCCCTCTGGAATGCAACAACTGAACATTGTCCCGGGTGCGCTTCCGGACTGGCTGGTTAGCACAGAGGA
TCT
>non-promoter squence 2566
AATATCGTGATTCGCGCGAAGGGATCATCCGTGCGAATCGGATCGTGATGAACGATCTGCCGGATGGGATCAAAACGAT
CC
>non-promoter squence 2567
GACCCGTGATGAACTGAAAGACCTGGCGTGCCTGGGCTTCTCGGCTGACCTGGTGATGCAGTCTTTCTGCCACACCGC
GGC
>non-promoter squence 2568
GGTCTACGGTGCATGGCTTGTAGGGCGGATAAGATGCGCCAGCATCGCATCCGCCAATAAATGCCGGATGCGGTTGATG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2569
TGTCGTTTACCGGTTCGACCGAAATTGGCCGCCAGTTAATGGAACAGTGCGCGAAAGACATCAAGAAAGTGTCGCTGG
AGC
>non-promoter squence 2570
ATTGCAAAACGCAGAGTGATTTTTTCGATATTATCGGCTTTAAGCAATTTCTTTTTGAGCAAACTGAAATGAGCCCAGGT
A
>non-promoter squence 2571
GCGGCAGTTTGGTATGCAGGAACCGGGTATTGGCGTTTATCGCCCGAACGATAATCCACTGATTGACTGGCTACAAACC
TG
>non-promoter squence 2572
TCTATATCGCGTTATTGATGCCCGCTCAGGCGATTCACTATTTTATGTTGTCGCCCTACAGCGTGGTGATGGACGTTAAAA
>non-promoter squence 2573
TGCAAATGGCGTCTTTGTGTCTCTTCCTGACGTCGAGGATGTGGACAACGCCGATATTAACCAGCGTCTGCTGGAAGTCA
T
>non-promoter squence 2574
GGTGCATCGTCATTTGCCGGGGCTGATCACCCTTAATGCTTACCGCACGCTCACCGTTCTGCACGACCCCGCCACTTTAC
G
>non-promoter squence 2575
CTCGCGCGACCAGGCGCAGGCAACGCTGAAATCAGCACAGGATAAATTGCGTCAGTACCGTTCCGGTAACCGTGAACA
GGA
>non-promoter squence 2576
TCCATTGGGCGTGACTGAAAAAGTCACCAAACAGCACAAACCGAAGAGTGAGAAACCTATGCTTTCACCGCAGGCGGA
GTT
>non-promoter squence 2577
TTCCGGTAGTGGTGATGGCCGTAGCCTTTCCAAAGAAAATGGTGATGGTTTCGGTATGTCAACATCCTACGACTTCGACT
T
>non-promoter squence 2578
GTTCTGAATTTCAGAAAGATAGCCGTGCGCGTGTCGAAAAAGCCGACGGTTTCCAGCAGCTTAAGGCCAAACTGCCGC
CGG
>non-promoter squence 2579
TGCACGTTTCGTGCGTGCCGTTGAGCAGGCGCTGGAAGATAACTGCCCGCTGATCTGCTTCTCCGCCTCTGGTGGCGCA
CG
>non-promoter squence 2580
ATTTATCCCGATGCAGGTGATCCCTATCGCCGGGATGATTGCCGGTAACGCCATGGTAGCGGTGGGGTTGTGTTACAACA
A
>non-promoter squence 2581
GTACATCAGGTAAAACTGACCGATAAGCCGCTTTCTTTTGGGTATAGTGTCGTGGACAGTCATTCATCTTTCTGCCCCTCC
>non-promoter squence 2582
TATCGACCTGAGCCAGTTGAAAGTTGACCTGATGTCTTTCTCCGGTCACAAAATCTATGGCCCGAAAGGTATCGGTGCGC
T
>non-promoter squence 2583
TGCAACTGGCTCCGGCCAGTGAGGAAGGCGCGACAAAATTAAGCGATAAAATAAATCCACCGGGCGTCGCGCTGGTCA
CCT
>non-promoter squence 2584
CGAGCATGATTACCGAAAGCCAGTGCTATCAACTGGAACAAAATCTTCACCAGCAACGCATTGCCATTGAGCGCAAGCA
AC
>non-promoter squence 2585
AGGCGAAGTCGGCTGCGATATCGAAGTGATTCGCCCGCGCGCCAACTGGCGCTGGCTGGCGAACGCCGTATTCAGCCT
CGG
>non-promoter squence 2586
AGCGCTACACCACCTGAATATACAGCATCTGCGACGGTCGCATAGCCTTCGCCATGGCAGGCGTCATACCCGCAAAGGC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2587
CTGCATTGGTTTAATAAAAACCATCAACAATTGTGATTTAGATATTCGGAACCATTCAAATATAACAAAACCCCGTAAAAA
>non-promoter squence 2588
CGAATATCGAAATCAAACCCACCACCGGCACCGGGCCATTAACGGGCAAAATGGTGGCGCTGGCGGCACGCGAGCTGT
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2589
GTGCGTTGACGTCTGCCCGACCGGTGCGTCTTTTCGCGATGCTGCCAGTGGGATTGTCGATGTTAATCCGGATCTCTGCG
T
>non-promoter squence 2590
GGGCTTTGCTTCGGCGACCCGTAACAGTCTCGACAGCGTTTCTGACCGTGACCATGTGTTGGAACTGCTTTCTGCTGCC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2591
ATCTACTTCGCTTATTGAACGCCGTGTACGAATGGCGCTTGGCACCGGCGATCGTCGCGGCCTGAATACCTGGCTGGCG
CG
>non-promoter squence 2592
TAACAGGGAGTGATATTGATCTTCACTCTGTCATATCTCCGGTAATATGGCGTCAGGCTTCATCATCAGAAAGGGGGCCT
G
>non-promoter squence 2593
TGCCCGGTTTCCAGCGTACCCGCATGTTGGGTGAAGCCATTGGACGTTTCACCAGCACTCTCAATAAACGCGTGCTGTTC
C
>non-promoter squence 2594
TTGTCGGGATGGGACGGATCGGCATGGCGCTGGCACAACGTGCGCACTTTGGCTTCAACATGCCCATCCTCTATAACGC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2595
CAGCGGTATTGCGGCCTATGAGGCGCTCTCTGTTCCCTTCCGCCAGCTGCTGAGTGGGCTGCGTGCGGAGCATGATTTC
CG
>non-promoter squence 2596
AAGTTACGCATTGCTGGAGCTGGGCGTGAATAATCTGGCGTTATTAGGTAAGGAGTTAATTACCCGGCCTTATTTAACGT
T
>non-promoter squence 2597
ACATATGGCGATTATGGAAGGGGAGACGGAGATCTACCTGACCGAACAACAGGCACTGGCGGAGCGTTTTAATGACGT
ACC
>non-promoter squence 2598
TAAAACCTTTTTCATTTTCTGAGTTGCTGGCAAGGGTTCGGGCACAATTAAGGCAACATCACGCTTTGAATTCAACATTA
G
>non-promoter squence 2599
TGCGGTCAAACATATTCCAGCCTGGTTTTATAAAGAGTGGATCGAACACGTACAGGAAGTTGCGCCAAAGCCGCTGTTT
AT
>non-promoter squence 2600
TCGCGCTGGAGAAATTCATCAACGAATTGCTGCCGGTGATTGATAGCCTGGATCGTGCGCTGGAAGTGGCTGATAAAGC
TA
>non-promoter squence 2601
CTGCGCTAAAGATCCGGTCTATCGCAAGATGGAAAGCGATATGCATAACCTGCAGCCGTCAGTCGGTGAGGTGAATGGC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2602
GGAACAACTGACCGAAACAGGTATCAGAGTGCATTGCTTAGCATTGGGTGGCATTGACCTGACCAGTCCAACAGGAAA
AAT
>non-promoter squence 2603
ATGAGAAAGAGTATCTGGTGACGGTCGATAAACCGATTACCGAGGAGTTTATTCGCGGCATGAGTGCGGGGGTGCCAA
TCC
>non-promoter squence 2604
CATGCGCGGCGGTATTGAGCGCGGTATTTCCACCGAAGGCGTGTTGCCTGGCAAACTGCGCGTTCCACGCCGTGCTGC
GGC
>non-promoter squence 2605
GTCAGGGTAATGCTCATGACATGAGCGTCTACTTTGTGAAGACCGGGGATAATAACTGGCAGGTCTACACCCAGGATAG
CA
>non-promoter squence 2606
GCGGGTGCGCAAAATTGAGGCACTGGCGGATGGCATTATGGATGCCGGGCTGGTATCGGTGCGTGAACAGGCGCGTC
CAGC
>non-promoter squence 2607
GACGCTAACCGCGCCGATTCGTTTAGTTTCCGATCTCGTGCAGACCACGCCACACGGAGAGTATCGGTTGTTGCAGGAG
GG
>non-promoter squence 2608
GGTGGCGATTGAAGCTGGCATCGATGGTGACAGCACTTTCAGTTGGGTGGTGATTGAAAACGCCAGCCAGCGCGGCG
AGGC
>non-promoter squence 2609
ATTACAGGAACTACAACCGCCGGTTCAGCAGGTGATTTCCCATTGCCGGGTTAATTATCGTCAATTGGTTGCCGCGGACA
A
>non-promoter squence 2610
GCTGTTGATGCTGTTACTCGCCGCCTACGTTTTGCTGAGCTATCTGCTATGGCGCAGCTGGCGGCGCACTATTCCCCGCG
T
>non-promoter squence 2611
AGGTGAAACCGTTTATCGCTGGAACAGCGCCGCTGAAGAACGCGATGTCGTATTACTGACAGGTGACAAACCTGGCTC
CGA
>non-promoter squence 2612
TGAAACGCGTAACGTTCGAAGGTATTCCACCAAAAGATGACAAGAGCAGCAGAGTTACTGTTTCAATTCGTCAGGATCT
AC
>non-promoter squence 2613
GTTTCAGCCGCTTATCCTTTCACCGGGCAATGGTCGGGCGACGTTTGCCGCTTCTGAAAACCGCCTCGGGCCTGACCTG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2614
TGTCAGATGCGGCATGAACGCCTGATTCGGCCTACAAAGGTTTGTAATTCAGAAACTTTGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGTAGC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2615
CCAAAGTATTGCTGTGTGATGAAGCCACCAGCGCGCTGGACCCGGCAACGACACGTTCTATTCTCGAACTGCTGAAAGA
CA
>non-promoter squence 2616
CCTGTCATATATCGAACGCTGGGTGGACAGCATTACACCGGCGGTGACCAAAAACTTCCTCAAACCAATGCTGATTGTGT
T
>non-promoter squence 2617
ACGGCGACCGCAAAATGGTGAGTGATTCCCTGCGCGTACTGGAACAGGTCGCCGCGCGTACCGGAACCGTGGTGTATC
TCG
>non-promoter squence 2618
ATTACACAGTCGCCCTTAGAAACGGTATTGGCTTGCATTTTGGCGCGCTACCGAGGGCACTGCAGCAATACACTGCCGA
CC
>non-promoter squence 2619
TGATAACGGAGAGAGACTGCGTGTCACGTTCGCGCTGGACTGCTGTGATCGTGAGGCACTGCACTGGGCGGTCACTAC
CGG
>non-promoter squence 2620
ACCTTATGATGAATCGAGCGGCTTAATTGCAGAACTGGTGGGGCATCTGGCTTCACTGCTAATGCAGCTAAACATCTGGC
G
>non-promoter squence 2621
ATGTAACCCAGGAAGCGGCAAAAATGCTGAACAAACCGGTAGAAGAACTGAACATCATCACCTGCCACCTGGGCAACG
GTG
>non-promoter squence 2622
GCAAATCGCTCAGGAGTACAAGGCTATTGAAAAAATCGCTCAGCAAAAACTGGTCGATATGGTTCCGGAAGAGCTGCG
GGA
>non-promoter squence 2623
TTTTCTTGAGGATGAGCACTTTATACCGCTGCTTCTGAACGTTTTACAACCGAACATGCGAACACGAGTTTGTACGGTTA
T
>non-promoter squence 2624
GCCGTCATGACATGAAAGTGGGGCTGATCCTTAACCCGGAGACGCCAGTTGAGGCCATGAAATACTATATCCATAAGGC
CG
>non-promoter squence 2625
GGCGAAAGACAGAGAAACCCTTTTCTTCACTAGCGTACGGGCAGTCCCTTCAACAACGAAGCGGAAAGAGGGAAATA
CCCT
>non-promoter squence 2626
TGCGCCGCTGGCAATGCGCCTGCGTGCAAACAGCACCTGGGCGATGCTGGAATTTGTCTTTAACGGCATGGTGTTCCTG
CT
>non-promoter squence 2627
TCTGGTTGATGGCCTGAACTTCGCTGTTCAGTACCTGGGTAAAAACGAGCGTGACACTGCACGCCGTTCTAACGGCGAC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2628
GACCGTTGGCGGAAAAGGCGTTTACACCAACCCGAATTACGGCGATGAAGGTTATGCCGCAGCGGTAGGAGGTGGTTT
GCA
>non-promoter squence 2629
CTGAAACTGTCCAGGTTTTGGGGGTCAGTTCATAAACGCCTTATCCGGCCTAAAAACAACTAAAATTCAATAAATTGCAC
C
>non-promoter squence 2630
AACGCCTTATCCGGCCTACAAAAACATGCAAATTCAATAGATTGCAGAGATTATGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGTAGCGCATCA
G
>non-promoter squence 2631
TGCGCTCCCGTGTGCCAGATCTGGAAAATCAGGTCAAAACCCTGACCGATAAACTCACCAATATCGATAACACCTGGAAT
C
>non-promoter squence 2632
AATATATTGAATTCGCAAGGATTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCCGGCATGAACAAAGCACACTTTGCC
AA
>non-promoter squence 2633
CAACCGGTGCCGCATCCGGCAATTGGTGCACAATGCCTGATGCGATGCTTGACGCATCTTATCAGGCCTACAATGGGTAC
C
>non-promoter squence 2634
GGTGCCGTTCCTTGCCATCTTCACCATTGCGGCGTGGTTTGGCATGAACGATCTTGCTACCTCGAAAGCCTCCATCAAGG
A
>non-promoter squence 2635
CCGTCTGGATGGCGCGAGCCTGCACTTCGCACCGCTGGAATTCCCGGCTGTCGCTGATTTCGAATGTACGACTGCGCTG
GT
>non-promoter squence 2636
CGGGAAAATACGATAAACATCGCGCACGTTCTTTTTTAGCCGCCAGTTGGCATGATGATACCAGTCGCTATTCTCTGGGG
G
>non-promoter squence 2637
GGGCGCGGCTGCTGGCGGCGCACGTTCGGGACATGAAGACCGGATTGCCTGGCTGCGTAAACTGATTGCGTGGCAGG
AAGA
>non-promoter squence 2638
CATGCCTGGCACGACGCGTGACAGCATCTACATCCCAATGGAACGCGATGGACGTGAGTATGTGCTCATTGACACCGCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2639
AGGAGCTGTGTTAGCTGTTGTGGCGTTGTGGTTACGTCGTCAGTTAGATGAAACTTCGCAACAAGAAACGCGCGCTTTA
AA
>non-promoter squence 2640
TGTCACCAAGCCATTTCTCGGCTCGATGACCATTCCGAAAACGGATATTGCCGTCATTAAAGGCGCGTGGGTCGATGGA
AT
>non-promoter squence 2641
AGAACGGCTGGATATGGAGGTCGGTTTTGATAATCGGCAGGCCGCTTTTGACATGGTGTGTACCATGCTGGAGAAGCG
AGT
>non-promoter squence 2642
GACAAAAACAACGAATTGTTGAACAGGTTCCCTCCCGGCTACGCAAACTTTACCACACCGGTTTTAAATACGAATCTTCG
C
>non-promoter squence 2643
AAGATGCGGTTGCACGGGCCGATGTGGTGCTCGACTGTACCGACAATATGGCGACTCGCCAGGAGATTAATGCCGCCTG
CG
>non-promoter squence 2644
ATGAACTACATAATACATCACAATTTATTATAGATAATATCCTTCAAACGGTACATAAACCAGAACGATCTGTAAGATTAG
>non-promoter squence 2645
GAGCCAACACGCAGTCTGTCACTGTCAGGAAAGTGGTAAAACTGCAACTCAATTACTGCAATGCCCTCGTAATTAAGTG
AA
>non-promoter squence 2646
ATCTCGATCATGTCGCCAGTTGGGCTTCCCGCAACGGCGGCGATGTTCATCGTTTAATGATCACCGGATTCTGCTGGGGT
G
>non-promoter squence 2647
AACCATTTACCATGAGATCCAGATCGGTCAGAATTGCCTGATCCAGTCCGGAACAGTGGTAGGCGCAGACGGCTTTGGT
TA
>non-promoter squence 2648
TCGAGTACCATCTGGAAGGCGAAATTCACCACGAATTTAACCGCCACGGTGCGCGCTATCCGTCCTATAACACCATTGTC
G
>non-promoter squence 2649
TAACCCGCATCCGCACGGTCAGATTTGGGCAAATAGCTTCCTGCCTAACGAAGCTGAGCGCGAAGACCGCCTGCAAAA
AGA
>non-promoter squence 2650
TACTGCAAGCTCTGGTGACTACAACAAAAACCAGTACTACGGCATCACTGCTGGTCCGGCTTACCGCATTAACGACTGG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2651
TCTATGCCCGTGACTTACTGGCCGATAAACAGCGGCGAATGCCATTACTTCCGGCGCTGAAAAGTTATCTGTCACTAAAG
T
>non-promoter squence 2652
GTGGGTGGCATGGTCGCCGTTTGTCGGCTTGTTCCTGGCGCGTATCTCGCGTGGGCGTACCATTCGCCAGTTCGTGCTG
GG
>non-promoter squence 2653
CGAACATGGTCAGGCGTTCCGCGATGTCCAGCTGGAACAGGAACTGCTGGAAGAGGCCCAGAAACTCGGTCTTGGCG
CGCA
>non-promoter squence 2654
TGGCGGGAGCAATCTGGCGGTCAGTAACCCTGAGCTGGATAAACTAATAGCCGCACGCGTTGCTGCATTACGGGCCGCT
AA
>non-promoter squence 2655
CGTTATTGTTAACGCGGCGCGTTCTCGTGGCGTTACCGAAGCGCGTCTGCTGACCCGTTATACCGTCTGGGCTGGCCTGA
T
>non-promoter squence 2656
ATATTGCTGCGCTAAAAATTATTGCTCGCCGTAGCGAATAATTATATGCCTGGTGTGGCTTCGTACGCCGGATAAGACGCG
>non-promoter squence 2657
CGGCGCGTTTGACTGCCATATGGGCGCAGTTGGCGCAGGCGCACAGCCTAACGCACTGGTAAAAGTTATCGGTACTTCC
AC
>non-promoter squence 2658
AAGATTATTCCGCCTTGTTGAACGATCCGAATACACCGCTGGTGAACCGCGCCACACAGGGGGTTTATCCTCCCGCGTCT
A
>non-promoter squence 2659
CGGACGTATCGGCAAATCGACTGTGACCGAAGGCGCTCTTGTCACTAATGGGCAAACGACTGAACTGGCGACTGTCCA
GCA
>non-promoter squence 2661
AGACGTCATTGAAGGTGATATTCGCGATATCGCCATTGAAAACGCATCGATGGTGGTGCTGAATTTTACCCTGCAATTCCT
>non-promoter squence 2662
GTCTCGCCCCGCGTCAGCGTCTGCTGGCAGCACTGGATGAGGTGATCAGCGAGAAGCTAAACCCTGCGCACCATATCG
ACG
>non-promoter squence 2663
AAAAGGTTTGTATACCGCTGACCCGCGCAGCAATCCGCAGGCAGAACTGATTAAAGATGTTTACGGCATTGATGACGCA
CT
>non-promoter squence 2664
CATGCGCACGGCTCTTAACGAGTGCAAAAAAACCGGTGATGATGTGGCTGCGGTGATCCTCGAACCGATTCAGGGTGA
AGG
>non-promoter squence 2665
TAGAGCTGAAAGAGGTTGTTTGCCATAAAGACAGCGTGATTCTGAAGCTCGGCAGTCTGGATCTGGTCGATGGTACGCC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2666
GCTGGCTAGCGAGCGCCCGGACTGCGAAATTATCGCTGTAGATCGTATGCCTGATGCTGTCTCCCTGGCACAACGTAATG
C
>non-promoter squence 2667
AGGCATTAGGATTAAAATATGCTCCTGTAGATGGCGATGGATATTGTCTGTTAAGAGCTATACTGGTTTTAAAACAACATG
>non-promoter squence 2668
GTGCTGGTCCTGTGGGATTGTTGACAATCGCCTGTGCACGGTTGCTCGGTGCGGAACAGATTTTTGTTGTTGATCATCAT
C
>non-promoter squence 2669
ACCGGGTGACTGGATCTATGTGACCGGTACACCGGGCGATAGCGCCGCCGGGCTGGCGATTTTGCAAAACCGTTTGCA
GGT
>non-promoter squence 2670
GCTAAGAATGGATAAACATCGTAGCAATAGCGTCGGGCCACACGATCTTTATTTCACGTTGCTGGATGATTATCTGCATGT
>non-promoter squence 2671
GCGCAAGATGGGCATTAAAGCCGAAGAGTTCAATCTGAAAAAAGGGCTGGTGCTGGCGGTGATGTGCGGCATTTTCTC
TGC
>non-promoter squence 2672
GCTGTGGTTACTGCATTGCCGGGTGTCCGTTTAATATTCCGCGCCTCAACAAAGAGGATAACCGGGTATATAAATGCACG
C
>non-promoter squence 2673
GATGGCGATTGACGATCAGGGGCATGAAGTTTACGGCGAGGTCAATATCGACCAGTTAACTACGCCGATTCAAGAGTTA
TT
>non-promoter squence 2674
CTACGCCTGCCATCAGGCAAGCCCCAGAGCGGGCAAACCTTACCTGGCGCTGAACTGTGCGTCTATACCGGAAGATGC
GGT
>non-promoter squence 2675
CGGGAAATCGTCGGTGACCGTCGGCGCACTCGTTACCGCTAATCAGGCAGATTCGCTGGTTACCGTACAACGTCTGGAC
CC
>non-promoter squence 2676
GTGCGGTATTGGATCTGGATATCGAAGGGATCGTGCTGAAACAAGGTGCACCGACCGATCTGCCGAAAGCTCTCGCCGC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2677
GCTGCCCGTTACGTGAACGAGAACCCATTTTGCGTCTGGCGAAGTCGGCACTGGTGACGGTCTATCCATTACCTGACAC
CC
>non-promoter squence 2678
AGCAACAACGAGATTTTCCGGCAGTGGAAGGCACCAGCCGTTTGTCGGCCAGCCTGGCAACGGGCGGGTTATCGCCT
CGCC
>non-promoter squence 2679
AATGAAATAAAAGGATTTATTTCTGGTCACGTCCACACATTGACCACATCGACAAAAAAGCCCCTCGACTGAGGGGCTT
CC
>non-promoter squence 2680
ATCTGATAGGAAAACGCGTGGGCTTCGGTAAAGAGGCGTTTAAACCGCACAACCTGCCGATGGTCTTCACCGGGACTG
CCA
>non-promoter squence 2681
GGACTATCCTTCGGAAACGTTAACTGAGATCCGCCATACCGGCGCACGAGCCGGACTGGTATTTAATCCGGCAACCCCG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2682
TACCCATAAACTCTGCGCTCGCTGGGAAGAAATTGCCTGCCGGGCGCAAAGTGACAAAACGCGAGTGTGCCTGCTGCG
TAC
>non-promoter squence 2683
ATATGAGTGGGATCTCAAGCGTAAGTTTTGGTTTGGTTTTGCAGATATCCAATTATTACCGCCAGTTTTACAAACATTTAT
>non-promoter squence 2684
AAAGGTGCAATCTTTTGCACCTTTAACAGGTTAGCTCGGGCTAACATTCATGATTCTAAAACAAATAAATTATCTCTCTTT
>non-promoter squence 2685
TTCCTTACGAGCAGGCCACACTGCTGGAGAAAAACAAAAATATCGAGTTGATGGCCAGTCCGTCAATTATGCAGCGTTAT
A
>non-promoter squence 2686
CTGACTGGGATGATGAGCGCGATCTCGTTTCGCAAACAGAAGCAGAAATCATCATGCTGGATAACAGTGCGCGTAGCCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2687
GGAAGAAAATGCCCGTCTGCAATTACGCAAAGCCAGCGGCAATATCGTCACCTTCTATACTGGACTGGCGTTGTTTAATT
C
>non-promoter squence 2688
TGGCGGAACATCTGGCGGCACAACTGGAAGCCATCGCGCGTGAAGCCTCCGCCTGGTCATTGCGCGAGTGGGACAGT
GCAC
>non-promoter squence 2689
AGACGGTGCTGGTCGATCCGAAACGTACCTTTATGAGTATCAGCGGTGCGCAGATCCGCGAAAACCCGTTCCGCTACTG
GG
>non-promoter squence 2690
CGGCAAAATGGCGCTGGTACACTTTGACGCCCACACCGATACCTATGCGAACGGTTGTGAATTTGACCACGGCACTATG
TT
>non-promoter squence 2691
CGCAGTAAACCAGACCGCCGTGTTCCTGGTATCGCAAGCGGTAACTCGTCACATGGTTGAACGCAAGGCAGGTAAAGT
TAT
>non-promoter squence 2692
GCATCTGCAAGAGTTCAGTTTGAGCGCCGAGCCGCTGAAATCGTTGTTCCCGGAAGGCGGTTTTGCCCTGCACGGTAA
CTC
>non-promoter squence 2693
CCTATGGTTTTTCCAACGGTCTTGGCGTCGTGGAGGTGATTATTGCTCTGCTGGTTTTGGCTAATCCTGTCAATCGCTGGT
>non-promoter squence 2694
CATCAACATTCGCCGCGTTGCTGCGCTGGAAGGCGACGTTCTGGGTTCTTATCAGCACGGTGCGCGTATCGGCGTTCTG
GT
>non-promoter squence 2695
AAATCTTCGGGCCGGGTAACGCCTTTGTCACCGAAGCGAAACGTCAGGTGAGCCAGCGTCTGGACGGTGCGGCGATC
GATA
>non-promoter squence 2696
AGCTGCGCGTCGCATTAACCCGGAGATGAAAGTCGGCTGTATGCTGGCGATGGTGCCGCTCTATCCTTACTCCTGTAACC
C
>non-promoter squence 2697
GTTCGGCGTTACCACGCTGGATATCATTCGTTCCAACACCTTTGTTGCGGAACTGAAAGGCAAACAGCCAGGCGAAGTT
GA
>non-promoter squence 2698
GTACAGCGGCCCGGCGTTGGGCTTTGCCGATTGCAGCGTGGTGCCACAGCCGACGGCGGCGCAGCTGGCGGATATCG
CGCT
>non-promoter squence 2699
CCATCTTAATATGCCCGTTTTAGCGCGTATCATGGATATGCTGGCGTTACTGCTGTTCCTGACATTTAACGGTCATTTATG
>non-promoter squence 2700
CGCCCTGTGGGCGTTTGGCCTGACGGATGAGGTTTTTGCCGCCGCAACCGCAAAACTGGTACGCAATAATCGCCGCTG
GAG
>non-promoter squence 2701
TTAAGCTAGCTAAAAATGCCAATAAAGTAAATAAAAAACTTGTATTACCTGACGAATATATAGCACTTGAATTTAAAGGTA
>non-promoter squence 2702
ATTCATCTTTGCAATTATACTGAATACTGGTAAGCAAATTGTCTTTATGGTTATCATCTCTTATGCATTCATCGTAGGTGT
>non-promoter squence 2703
CGCCTTTACCGAGCACCATTTCTGGCTGGCGTTACGCAATGAAACCTTCACCATTGAATGGCAAGGGGAAGGCCCGACA
TG
>non-promoter squence 2704
TATGCAGGATCTCACCTCTTTTATTGTTAATAAATTAGGGGTAGTCGATGTAGGTGCCAGTTTGCAAGGGAGAGCGGTGT
A
>non-promoter squence 2705
CGGTTGCCAATGCGGTAGGTGCCAACCATTCGGCATTTAGCCTTAAGCTGGCACTGGAACTGTTCAGACAGCCAAAACT
GT
>non-promoter squence 2706
TCTGTTGCTGGAGGCAATTCCGGATCTGCATTTGCGTCTTGACGCAAATCGCGCCTGGACACCGCTGAAAGGTCAGCAG
TT
>non-promoter squence 2707
AAGTGTAGACCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCCGGCAGTCGTGCGCCATGCCTGATGCGACGCTTTGCGCGTCTTAT
CA
>non-promoter squence 2708
CACCATCATTGAGGCACCCAGCTCGACCAAGAACAAAGAGCAGCAACGCGATCCGGAGATGCATCAGACCAAGAAAG
GCAA
>non-promoter squence 2709
TAGTTTTGCCGAAGTGGAGTCTAAACTGGGGTTACCACTGTTTGTAAAACCGGCTAATCAGGGCTCTTCTGTTGGTGTCA
G
>non-promoter squence 2710
GGGGTTTACAAGAACTGGTGGTGGCAACCGGTGGTTCGTTGCATCGCAAGCTGTGCGAACAGCCTGAATTGCTGGAAC
ATC
>non-promoter squence 2711
AGATGTCGATTTTGGCATCGTCATCGATCCAGGCCCAGTGGGCGATCTGCAATGTGAAGCGATTCTTTCCGAGCCTTTCT
T
>non-promoter squence 2712
GAACGAACTGGAAGATTTGTGGTTGCCGCTGCTCAATCGCTTGCGAGTGCCGATTGAACAGGCGTTGCGCGATGCGCG
TCT
>non-promoter squence 2713
GCGTGATGTGGCGGCGGAATTGCTGGATATCTACGCGCAACGCGCCGCCAAAGAGGGCTTCGCGTTTAAACACGATCG
TGA
>non-promoter squence 2714
TGCATGCTGGGCCAGCCTGACGGATTATCTGATGCTCTCGCGCCCGCAGGATGTGAACAACGCCCTGCTGTGGCTGACC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2715
AAATTGCCCGTATCGTGATTATGGGTGGCGCTATGGGGCTGGGTAACTGGACGCCTGCGGCTGAATTTAATATTTACGTT
G
>non-promoter squence 2716
TCGCCGTGGTGAACTCGACGTCGGCTTAATGCGCCATCCTGTTTATAGCCCGGAGATTGATTATCTGGAGCTTTTTGACG
A
>non-promoter squence 2717
CAGATTTAAACATGCCGGTATTTATGCACTGTCGCGATGCCCACGAGCGGTTTATGACATTGCTGGAGCCGTGGCTGGAT
A
>non-promoter squence 2718
TCTCTTCCATGCAGGGCAGCTTGCCGGGTGGCTGCGATGCGGTGGATAAAATCCCTGTTGCCCGCATTGTTGAAGCACT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2719
CGGTTTCACCGAGCAGATGCAGCAGAAAAAACCAAACCCGCCAATCAAAAATGAAGCCGATAACGGCCTGCGCAACAC
GCG
>non-promoter squence 2720
CCGTCCAACGGTGCAAGCCAATGAAGTTTCAAAGCAGGAGCTACACGCAGGCGGGCGTAAGCTGATTGAAAAAATTG
AAGA
>non-promoter squence 2721
TGCCTGTAAAGAGAAACAACAGTGTTCGCTGGTGGATGGCAAAAATACCTTTAGCGCCAAGTATCAACAAGAACCAGG
TGT
>non-promoter squence 2722
AAGACGCAAAGAACTACACATTCAACGGTGATGCTATTCTGGTAGAAGCCAAAACCGGATCGCAGCGCGCGTTGATCGA
TT
>non-promoter squence 2723
CTTCTTCTGGGGCATGCTGGCGTTACGGGCCTGGCACTATGACGAGAATCATTACAGTGGCGCAATATGGCTGCTCTATG
T
>non-promoter squence 2724
TCCGAACGCAATCCCGTCTGACGAACACACCTTTACCTTTAACTCGCCAAACTCCTGGGCACCAGCGGCCTATGACGCG
AA
>non-promoter squence 2725
CCTATTTGCCGACCGGATTGTATGTATTTGCGTATAAAAAAGATGTTTATTTGCGGGTTTGTACATTGATTATTTTCTTTG
>non-promoter squence 2726
TGCCGACCTCAGCCGCCTGGCAAACTATCTCAATCCGGATAAAAAGAAACTGGCGGCGAAAGGCATTACGTCGGTACGT
TC
>non-promoter squence 2727
TAAAAGCGGCGGCGAAACGCTATCCGCAGGTCACTTTTTGTGTCGCTTCCAGCCACCGTTTGCCGTTTTCCGATACCAGT
A
>non-promoter squence 2728
ATCCTGTGGCTTGCCGCCGATCGAAGAGTACAAAAATGATTATCCGGACGACTATAACGAAAAAGCGGAACAGGAGCT
GAC
>non-promoter squence 2729
CCCGATCGGCATTGAACCGAAAGAAATAGCCAAACAGGCTGCCGGGCCACTGCCGCCAAAACTGGCGCAACTTAAAGC
GGA
>non-promoter squence 2730
TGATGGGGAAAACTCGCATCCTCGATGCGCTGGCAACGCTGTCATTTAACTACCCACGCCGCGCGGAGTATTTCTCTGGC
G
>non-promoter squence 2731
TCCTCGTCGCAGTCGCCTATTTATTGATCGGCTATTTCTTCATCCGCGCACCGGAGCTGGGCATTTTTGCCATTGCGGCAT
>non-promoter squence 2732
ATTTACTGCTGAAATACGTTGGCCATAGCAATACCTTCCAGGCCATTGAAAAAGGCATTGCGCGTAACGGTATTGATTTTC
>non-promoter squence 2733
ACCTTTCATCTGTTTTCCGTCTGTCAAAAGCGGTAATGCGCGCTATGATGAAAAAGCGTCATGGTCGTATTATCACTATCG
>non-promoter squence 2734
CTTTAAAAAACTGGTTGAGTATCCGTACTTCGTACCCGCATGCTGAGAGCGAGTGGGTATTTTTATCACGTAAGGGGAAT
C
>non-promoter squence 2735
TGATTTTCGCCGTCGGGGTACGATTTGATGACCGAACGACGAACAATCTGGCAAAGTACTGCCCAAATGCCACTGTTCT
GC
>non-promoter squence 2736
TTGTATAAATATTACTAAATGCTTGCTTAGTCGCATTGTTAAATGCAATACCGTATATTCGGTATGTAACAGCGATATCCT
>non-promoter squence 2737
GTTCCTCCCTCAGCGATAATGTCAATGGCGGAAAACTGGACGTTGCAATGAATAACAGCGTCTGGAACGTAACAAGTAA
TT
>non-promoter squence 2738
TGCAGATTCGGGATACCGGCATTGGTATTCCTGAACGCGATCAATCGCGCTTATTCCAGGCCTTCCGACAGGCTGATGCC
A
>non-promoter squence 2739
AAAAAATGACCAATTTGATCAGTATAAAAAACAGGTTGGTTATTCACTATTTAAGGACTATATACTATGAACAAAATTATA
>non-promoter squence 2740
TAGCGAAGAGAAAGGGAAATACGTCGGTGGAGCAGAAAGTATTAAACAACAGGTCGATGCTTCGCGTTCGATGGTGAT
AGG
>non-promoter squence 2741
GATTAACGCACCGATGCAAAAGCTCTCTGGTGGCGAAACGCAGCGTGTACTATTAGCGCGAGCATTGTTAAATCGCCCG
CA
>non-promoter squence 2742
CTACGATCCGCAAGCACAATCGCTGGTGTGCCTGCCCACGCAAACCCGGACGGGCTGGAATCTCAATGGCTTTGAGGT
GGG
>non-promoter squence 2743
ACCCGCCACGAAATTGAGGATGCTAAGGCTGTTGTAGACCGGAAACGGTGTTCACGCCGCATCCGGCATTCGGTGCTC
AAT
>non-promoter squence 2744
AGCGGCCCCCGCAGCTTCGGATAAACCACGAGAAAATAGCGAGTCGCTGCTTAACCGTTTTTTCCTCAGCCGTGTTGTT
AT
>non-promoter squence 2745
GCGCAGTGCCCAGCCATCCCGATACTGCTGCTTTCACCAAATCCTTAGTGCTTCTTTCGTGTTTTTCTATTGTCATAATGG
>non-promoter squence 2746
AGAAGATTAAATTTAATATTTTGAGACAGATTCACAAAGAACTGCTGATCTCTGTACCGTTGTCTAAAAAAGGTCGTCTG
G
>non-promoter squence 2747
CAATGCTGGAAGTGATGTACGGCGCGGGTCTGCGTCTTTCTGAGCTGGTGGGGCTGGATATTAAACACCTCGACCTGGA
GT
>non-promoter squence 2748
CGTGCGCGGCTTAAGCGGTGTGTCTGATATTTCCTACGATACGGTGGTAGCGCGTTCCGAATTTGAACATTCCGCGCGAA
A
>non-promoter squence 2749
GGGGCGAATACAGCGTCGATGGCCTGACGGTCAAAACGCTGCCTGGCGTGTTTAGCCGCGACGGTCTGGATGTCGGTA
GCC
>non-promoter squence 2750
AAATGGTGGGTACAGCTGCCGGAGAATGTAAAGATCCGCAGACCATGGTGCCTAAAGCCATTAACAGTGTGATTTGGCG
TA
>non-promoter squence 2751
CTATCGTGGTGACGACGCTGCTGGGCTGGATGCTGGGTGATGTGCACTACAATGGCATCGTTTCTGCGCCGCCGAGCGT
AA
>non-promoter squence 2752
CCTTCGGCGCGGTCGCGTTTGATGTTACTCATTCGCATACCAAACTGGATAAAGACACCGCTTATGGCAAAGGTTCGCTG
G
>non-promoter squence 2753
ATTCCTCGCGGTATCAACGTTACCTGGATGGTGAGAATCCCAACACCTTTAATCCGGCATTCTCTAACGGTTCAATTATGG
>non-promoter squence 2754
GAGCGTTGGCTGCGGTAGGACTGGAGAATCGCGCAGGGGAATGGCCTGCCGCACTTTCTGGCGGGCAGAAACAGCG
AGTGG
>non-promoter squence 2755
TGCCGGAAGCAACCATGAAAGCCATTGAGTACGCGAAGAAATATAACGTACCGGTGGTGCTGACGCTGGGCACCAAGT
TTG
>non-promoter squence 2756
TGATTTAGAAAATCGTGCGCGTGCACGACAGATTCAGGCCTGGCTGCGCAGCGATCTGATGCCCATCCGCGAAGAGCGT
CC
>non-promoter squence 2757
AAAGCCAGATCGGTACTTTACGTATGTCGCTGGTGAATATTACGCCTGATGCAGATGGCACCACCCTTACACTACGTATTC
>non-promoter squence 2758
GATCCGAATCCAACCGGAAAATATGAGTCCATTCATTATAGATATTTCTACAGGAGAACATGATGATTATATCATACAAAC
>non-promoter squence 2759
TTTATTTGGTCAGGCAAGCTGGCTGACAGACCGTTATAACGGCTATCGAGAGCGCGATGTGTTGACCGCGGGTTATGGT
CG
>non-promoter squence 2760
CGCTGGCAGGTTTTGCTGAGCAAAATATTTCGTTCACGCGCCATATGAGCTCCGGCAACACTACAGACAACGGCATCTTT
G
>non-promoter squence 2761
TCGTGCGGAAGCGGAAAAATGGATGGACTGGGCAAACCAGACGCTCAGTAATGCTCATCGCGGGATCCTGATGGGATT
AGT
>non-promoter squence 2762
TGAACAACAATTTTATGAGACATCCAGCAAAGGCAAAATTCCTCTGTTGCAACGGTTATTAAGCTTGCATCAGCCATCCT
C
>non-promoter squence 2763
TCTGGCGTCGTTAATGCCACCGGAAGTAAGCAGCCGCTTGCAGCATCGGTTGACGGAGATGGGCGTTCATCTGCTGTTG
AA
>non-promoter squence 2764
TTCGATGCCGAGCGCCTTTTACTCCGTGAATCTGGTGGCGCGCAAACCGGAGAAGCGTACTCCACAGACCAACAGCTAC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2765
CAGTGGTGACACGGCAGCTCTGGCAGAGTGGAGCGCCCCGATTCAGGCACGTCGTCACTCTACCCGCGTACATAATCCG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2766
TCTGGCCACGTTTGCGTCTCTCCTGGCAGCGTCGCCGTCACCATATGATCACTGGTCGTATGGATTTCTGCATGGATGAGC
>non-promoter squence 2767
AGCTGGAGATCATGGCTGACCTGTGCGAGCGTCATGGTGTGCGGGTTATTTCCGATGAAATCCATATGGATATGGTTTGG
G
>non-promoter squence 2768
GATTATCCTCAACGCCATTTGCGTCGCTTGCGGTCTGCAAAAAGGGGTACGTATCGCCAGTGACGTGCGTAGTTACCTGA
G
>non-promoter squence 2769
TTATATTCAGCATGATATCAGCGCATGGACGATGGCAGAGGCCTTGTTTGGTGCCTCACGCGGGGCGCGCGATGTGATT
CA
>non-promoter squence 2770
CGATATTCGTCTGTTCCGCCAGGAGCTGCGTGATGCCGCTTATCATTTCCAGGGCGATGCCGACAACGATCAGCTTTCTG
T
>non-promoter squence 2771
AGTGATCTTTCTCGGCGATCGTGATCAACTGGCCTCGGTTGAGGCTGGGGCTGTGCTGGGCGATATCTGCGCTTATGCC
AA
>non-promoter squence 2772
TTGAATCTGCGTTGAATACCCAGAAGAACTCGATTCCTGCGCTGGAAAAGGAAGTGAAAGCGCTTGATAAGCAAATGG
TGG
>non-promoter squence 2773
ACATGGGGATTGTTTTAGTCAGCGACCGCAATATGCAATCGTTAGCTAATTACTGGCGAAAACACAACTCAGCAATATCT
G
>non-promoter squence 2774
TTTTGTCGGTCTGGAGGCATTTGCCCATCTCGCCTCGGAATTTAAAAATCCAGAGCGTGATTTTCCTCGTGCTTTGATGAT
>non-promoter squence 2775
AGGGCGAAGTCTATTCCCAACCGGCAAGCTTGCCGCTGTATCCCAAATCGCCGTATTCACGCCGCCTGTTCTACAAACGC
A
>non-promoter squence 2776
TCCGGATTGTCACGTTCCGCACGAGTTTGTGCCGAAGATGATACGCAAGCTCAAAGCAAGTAAAGAGCTGTATGGTAAA
AT
>non-promoter squence 2777
CACGTTGATTGGTTCGCTCTCCGGCGCTGCGCCGCCGGTGATCGGCTACTGTGCGGTAACCGGTGAGTTCGATAGCGGC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2778
AATGGAGATTGTGGAGATTGCACGTCAGCATAATCTCATTATCTTCGCCGATGAAATTTATGACAAAATTCTCTACGACGA
>non-promoter squence 2779
TCTTCCTGTTTATTGGCATTATTCGCGGCTGGATTTCGTTGTGGATGCTGGCGGCGGCGGGCGTGCTGGGGATTGTTGG
CA
>non-promoter squence 2780
GTTTTTAACCAGACAACAAGTATATGAATTATCGGAGGTTGTCGATCAACTCGATATACCCGTACTTTGTTATGGTTTACG
>non-promoter squence 2781
CGTTTGTTAACGCCCAGGCCGAAGACAGCCAAATCTTTTTATATAAGCGCCGCTATGTTCCGGTAGAAGGCTATGCACCG
T
>non-promoter squence 2782
CGATCAGTTCAAAGTCAGCGTGAAAGCGTCTGACGTCTTCCTCGCTGTTGAGTCTTATCGTTTGCTGGCAAAACAGATC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2783
ACGGCAATATCATCACCACACGCACTTATCAGGAACGCCTCGATACGCTGGAAAAAGTGCGCGATGCCGGGATCAAAGT
CT
>non-promoter squence 2784
TGAGTTTGGCTATCTGCCGCTGGAGCATACGCTGGCGGTGGCCGAAGCCGTCGTGACAACTCAGCGTGACTGGGGTAA
CCG
>non-promoter squence 2785
TCGTGGAATATGAGCAAGATTATGGTGTTGCCGTCGAGGAAGGACGTAAAGCAGCGCAGTCTGACCCGAACTGTTTCTT
TA
>non-promoter squence 2786
AACTCCGTACCCGCTGCAGCCGGGTTCTGTGATCCGTTGCCGTCCGGTTGGCGTTCTGAAAATGACCGACGAAGCCGGT
GA
>non-promoter squence 2787
GGAGCTGGAGGCGAAAGGGATGGCTTTTGCGCTGCATTATCGTCAGGCTCCGCAGCATGAAGACGCATTAATGACATT
AGC
>non-promoter squence 2788
CGCGCAGGCGCTGGAAACCTCGATGGTATGTGAAATCCCGTTCGAAACGCTGGACGATTTGTCCGGTAAAATGCCGAAT
CT
>non-promoter squence 2789
TTATGCCCATCTGGAACAGGTGTGTGGTGCTATGGTGCGTCAGGTCATCGAATTCGGTCAGGATTTACAGGCTATTTCTG
C
>non-promoter squence 2790
GTTTATTGCGTGAAGCCGATCGGGTATTGATTGATGATGGCTGGCTGGTCATTAGTGGCTTCAATCCCATCAGTTTTATGG
>non-promoter squence 2791
CGCGCGCTGACCACGACACTTTCTGGTTTGACACTACCCGCCTGCTGCGTACCCAGACCTCTGGCGTACAGATCCGCAC
CA
>non-promoter squence 2792
GCACCAGTCTTCAATGGGGTCGCTGATGATCTCGGCGGGCTACAAGGTGCATCCGTTGTGGCAGAGCTATGAAATGTTG
CC
>non-promoter squence 2793
AGCTCCGCTGTGAGCGCAGGCTGTGTTAAAACTCCTGATCACTTTTTGGTCTAAGCGATGGTTTCATATGATCAACCATTC
>non-promoter squence 2794
TCAAGTCTTCATTAAATCAGAACACTGAACATCAGCTGCGTTATCAGGAAACGGAGTTTGTGATTAGTTATGAAGACTTC
C
>non-promoter squence 2795
ATCTCATTGAGCCACGCAAGCTGTTTGAGGACGCTACACTGATACCTTCCGGGTTGAAAGCGGCATTCCTGAAAGCGAC
AG
>non-promoter squence 2796
CAAAATTCCTGTTTGATGAATATGTTCGTCAAATCCTGCCTGAAGCGAACTCGCAGATTGTTGGCTTCCGTTATTTCAACG
>non-promoter squence 2797
CATTGATAACGCGTTCGAAGGCGGCTACATGGCCGGGCGTTATCTGATTGAACGCGGTCACCGCGAAATCGGCGTCATC
CC
>non-promoter squence 2798
ACACCCACTGGAATGTTATGGCTATCGTATTGAAGAACATGATAAACCGGGTGCATTAAATGCCCAGGCATTAAAAGCTG
C
>non-promoter squence 2799
TCGCCGGGAAACAGGTTGCCATTCCGGATATTGCAGACCTCACCAGCGAACAGTTTCAAAAGACCTTTGCCATTAACGT
TT
>non-promoter squence 2800
TATGAAACATTACCGTCCGCTGTTATTAAACGACACGCTATTTTTACGAAAACTCTGCGTCACCTTAAGTCATAAAAATTA
>non-promoter squence 2801
AGACGGTATACGAGCCGGGAAGCTTCACGCCGCTCATCCGGGTCGAGACAGAGAACGGCGAGCGGGAAAAAGCGCA
GCGGC
>non-promoter squence 2802
TTACCCTTGCACCCGGTGTTCAGGAACCGTGCACCAGTGATACCTCTCATCAGTGCCCGACAGAAACGGTACCTTATGTT
G
>non-promoter squence 2803
GGGAAAGCGGTTAAAAGCAGATGGGGATGGTTGGATTGTACCTCCCGCAGCCGCGCCGTGGGACTTCGGATTGATTGT
GCT
>non-promoter squence 2804
ATTGCCAGTTAAACACCGCTTTATCCGTGGTTTGGGAATTGGTCGAAGTGTTTTAATTGTTGATGAAGTTCATGCTTACG
A
>non-promoter squence 2805
CAGCCATAGCGTCTGGTGCGATCATAAACAGACCAGTTTTAACGCCGTGGCAGAGTTGATAAACGCCGGGCATCAGGA
GAT
>non-promoter squence 2806
AACCGTCTGACGTGGTGAGTATCGATCCAAAACTACTCATGGAAGAGGCTGATTTTCAAAAGCAGCTACCGAAAGATGC
CC
>non-promoter squence 2807
AAATCGCGGTGAAAACCAACGATAAACGTATCGATCCGGTAGGTGCTTGCGTAGGTATGCGTGGCGCGCGTGTTCAGGC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2808
TCAACGCGCACATTGCGCACGATTGTACGGTAGGTAACCGCTGTATTCTCGCCAACAACGCAACGCTGGCGGGTCACGT
AT
>non-promoter squence 2809
CTGGAACCGTCTGGCAAAGTGTTATCGGGACACGCTACCCGGTGTGGCGTTGTATGCATGGCTTCAGGCCGAACAACG
ACA
>non-promoter squence 2810
AGGGAACCTGCTGACAGGGCCGTGGCAGCCTCGCGTCAGCTACCGAAAACAGTGGGCGCGCTGGCGGGTGATGATTC
TGCC
>non-promoter squence 2811
AGCATCGCAATCCTTTCCCTGGGTGAGCGATGCTGCCGATGGCGCAGACTTAAGATCCCCGGTCTTACCCGCTATAACCC
C
>non-promoter squence 2812
CGACAAAGTCTCTCAGGCCTTCTGGCACGAATGGCGTAAAGGCAACACCATCTCCACGCCGCGTGGCGATGTGGTTTAT
CT
>non-promoter squence 2813
TAATCAGGAACTCACCGAAGTTGCTGAGTTAATAACTTCACCAGAAGCAATAAAAAATAATCTGGCAGTCGCTTTTCTGA
C
>non-promoter squence 2814
ACCGCACGCTGCAACTGATTAAAGAAAATGGCTGTAAAGCGGGTCTGGTATTTAACCCGGCGACACCTCTGAGCTATCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2815
TTAAAGAAGGGATAGATCTTCAGGCGCTGGAACTGGCGTTGCAGGAGTATCCGGTGAAAGCGTGCTGGCTGATGACTA
ATA
>non-promoter squence 2816
GGGCGCTGGCTCTTGATGACAAACTCGGACGTAGCACCAATCAACTTTCCGGCGGTGAATGGCAACGCGTACGTCTTG
CTG
>non-promoter squence 2817
ATGTGCCGATTGCGCGGTGGAATGATCAACATATGGTAGACGCGGAAGGAAATACCTTCAGCGTGCCGCCAGAACGCA
CCA
>non-promoter squence 2818
CCATTGCCGCTCACAGTTTCAGCGCGCAAATCGCCCCCTTAACAACGGAAGCTAAAATTGTCCAGGATGCGGATCGGCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2819
TGCTGGTAACTGGCCCTACCGGCAGCGGCAAAACGGTCACGCTTTATAGTGCCCTGCAAAAGCTGAATACCGCTGACAT
TA
>non-promoter squence 2820
TGATGGCACGAACTTGTATGAACACAGCGATCCGCGTGAAGGCTATCATCAGGACTGGAACACGCTGATCTACAACTAT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2821
TGCGTTAAGACTTTTTTCATGGGTGCCGGATACAAAAAAGGCCGCAGGCTGTTACCCCTGCGGCCGGTTTCGGGCGCAT
AT
>non-promoter squence 2822
CGAGCCGCTGCTCAACCTGAACAACGTCGTTCCGGCGATGGAAATCATGCTTGATGATTTCGGTTTTGGCCTGTCTAAAC
G
>non-promoter squence 2823
CCGCTGGTTATCGTGAAACGAAGCGTCTCTCCTCAAAACTGGATTTGCGGAACGATGAACGAAGCAGTCGCCTGACTGC
TT
>non-promoter squence 2824
GCGTTTCGACTATTGTCAGCAAGCTGTTCAACCTGGTCCAGCCGGACATCGCCTGCTTCGGTGAAAAAGATTTTCAGCA
AC
>non-promoter squence 2825
ATCTGATTAAGTCCCTGGAACATGAAGTGACGCTGGTGGACGATACGCTGGCACGCATGAAGAAAGAGATTGGCGAGC
TGG
>non-promoter squence 2826
TGAACTCCGGTTCTGCGGGTACAGAAGATGAAGTTACTACCCCGGCGGCAGATAACGCCATTGCCGAAGCGGCAGAGC
GCG
>non-promoter squence 2827
CGAAGCCCCCGGTCTGATGGCGCTCGAAATCGCGATCGACGAACTGGCGGAAAAAGCGGGCATCGATCCCGTCGAGTT
TCG
>non-promoter squence 2828
CGCGCCGGTCGACTATCACGTACGCCGTCATGATGAGATTTTTGCGGCTATCAACGCGGTCAGTGAATCGGACGCACAA
AC
>non-promoter squence 2829
CCAGTGGTAAAACGGGTTTTGACGCGGCAGCCAGCGGTTTTGCTTCTAACGGTTATGGCGAGCATTCACCAGGCGGTT
ATT
>non-promoter squence 2830
TAATGCTGGTACTGGTGGGGATTGCCCCTGCTGGCTTCGTCGTCAATATGAATGCGTCCGGCTATGAAATTACCCGTACCC
>non-promoter squence 2831
CGTTTCCGGCATTTGCTCTGGGGATGCTTTTAATTCAGGTATTCTCCGTTGAACTGGGCTGGCTGCCTACCGTGGGAGCA
G
>non-promoter squence 2832
TGAAAGAACTTGTCGAACTGCTGTGGCTGAAAGGCGATGAACCTGTCACCGTCGAGGGCAAAACGTTGCCTCTGAACG
AAG
>non-promoter squence 2833
CAATAGCGGGGTGACCTGGGAAACCAGCCACGTGCGCCACAAACTCAAACGCGTACTGTGGATACCGGTTGAAGGCG
AGCG
>non-promoter squence 2834
ATATTCTGCCGCGCAGTGGCCTGCATTATTCGCCGATGTTCGACTATGAAGTGCGTCTGGTGTTAGCACCTGACCATCCAC
>non-promoter squence 2835
CGCTGGTGGCCATTTTGTTGGCGATCCCGCGTCCGACGGTAAAAGCCAGTAAAGGCAAACCGCTGCCGTTTCGCGCGG
TGC
>non-promoter squence 2836
TATGCTGCTGGGTATTCAGCTTGGCTTCTGGTCGCTGCTGTTCTCGCATATCACCTTCTGCCTGCCATTTGTGGTGGTGAC
>non-promoter squence 2837
TGGCACCGTGTTTTCTCGGTGGTATGCAGTTGATGATCGAAGAAAACGACATCATCAGCCAGCAAGTGCCAGGGTTTGA
TG
>non-promoter squence 2838
CCGTATCTTGCTGGAGCAGCATAATGGCGAGGTTCCGGAAGATCGTGCTGCGCTTGAAGCCCTGCCCGGCGTAGGTCGT
AA
>non-promoter squence 2839
TGGGGCGGCAGATCGCGAAAAAGTCGAGGAAGCTATCTCGCTGGTTGGCTTAAAACCGCTGGCGCATCGGCTGGTCGA
TAG
>non-promoter squence 2840
TCTATTTCTTGCTGATGCCAAAGCTAGGTGAAGAAGACCGCCAGCGCCGGATGTACGGTTTACCCTTCGCGTTAATAGCC
G
>non-promoter squence 2841
ACTCTTTAAAGATGGTCCGTACAAAACGCTACATCTGGCGGATGAAAAACTGATCCGTAGCCTGAAGCCCGGAGCGATT
CT
>non-promoter squence 2842
CTGGCTTGATGAATTTGCCGAGCCTGCTATAGCCCGCAAAATATATTCATCGGCTTTTCCGTTGGTGGATATTACCGTGGT
>non-promoter squence 2843
ACGTCACGAAGGCGGTGCTGCCGGAGATGATTGCCCGCAAAGATGGTCGCATTGTGATGATGTCTTCAGTCACTGGTGA
TA
>non-promoter squence 2844
GTGGTGAGGCTGGCCCGGTAATTGATATCACCAACGAAGCAACGCTGCCGAAGCGTGCAACCATCACTCTACGTCGTAG
CA
>non-promoter squence 2845
TGCGCTAATTTATAAAAACGATCAGCTTTCATGCCTCTTGGGTATGGCTCTTGCTTATAATGTAGCCAGCAACATTATTAC
>non-promoter squence 2846
TGACTGTCATGGCCTCCGGTAGCGATATTGCCTTTGAACGACTGGCACCCGTGCTGGAAGCCGTTGCCGGAAAAGTTTA
TC
>non-promoter squence 2847
CGATACCGGTGTGACGCTGGCTGCGGGTTTTCTGGCCCTGATCCTTGCGCCAGAGTTTTTCCAGCCATTACGCGATCTCG
G
>non-promoter squence 2848
ACAACCGCTGCACGATGCGCTGGATAAATTCCAGGCCGATACCGGTATCGACATCGACATGCACATCGACGCTGCCAGC
GG
>non-promoter squence 2849
TTTGTTTCTTCTCCTTGATATAATCCTAAAAAAATCTCATAAAATTAATATATGAGATAATCTTTATTCAGCAGAAGATTA
>non-promoter squence 2850
ACATCCCGGCAATTGCTCACCAGGCAGGTTGCCATATCCCGACCGTTGATGACTGGATCCGCATCAACAAGCGCGTGCC
CC
>non-promoter squence 2851
TGACGACGGCAGCGGATATCTGGGTGACCGCCGCCATAGGTATGGTTATTGGCAGCGGTATGTACGAACTGGGTATTTAT
G
>non-promoter squence 2852
TGGCGCAACAGCATATTGAAGGTCATTATCAGGTCGATCCTTCCTTATTCAAGCCGAATGCTGATTTCCTGCTGCGCGTCA
>non-promoter squence 2853
GCGACGGTGAAAACCTGCCGAAGGCGCATATTGTCGCCACTAACCCGCCGTTTGGCAGCGCCGCAGGCACCAACATTA
CCC
>non-promoter squence 2854
CAACGGGCTGCGTATCATCTACAGCGTCACCATTAACATGGTGCCGAACCACCTTGATAAACGTGCGCACAAATATCTCG
G
>non-promoter squence 2855
ACCTGAATATCAAGAGCGTATTCTTCATGTCTCAGGCAGCGGCGAAACACTTTATCGCGCAAGGCAATGGCGGCAAGAT
TA
>non-promoter squence 2856
AGAACTTTGCCAAAGGTATTGTTTTTGCCGCTATTGTTATTTCAATCGGTTATTCGCTGGCAATATTTTTATGGGGCGTCA
>non-promoter squence 2857
GTGTGCGGCATTAGCGCCAGCGGATAAAGGCCATTATCTGGCACGTAAATACGTCGTTGATGATGAGAAGCTGCAAAAC
TT
>non-promoter squence 2858
AGCCCTGAAAGAGGCAGGTGGTACGCCGGGCGAAAACATGACGATGGATAATAAAGAAACGACTCATGTCACAGGCA
GCAA
>non-promoter squence 2859
CCGCACTGATCGATCATCTGGATACCATGGCAGAACGTGCAGTGCAGCTGGGCGGTGTAGCTCTGGGGACCACTCAAG
TTA
>non-promoter squence 2860
TTTGGATCGATAAAGTTTTCTCCCACGGCTGGGCTTACGGTCATGGCGGCACGGCGCTGCATGGCAAACATTTGCTGTG
GG
>non-promoter squence 2861
CGCCGCCAACGCCCGCAGCCAAACCGCCATCAATGGCCGCCGATGCTTTTACCAATCCAGACTATATGCGCTACGCGGTA
A
>non-promoter squence 2862
GGTTGCGGCAGGTTACGTGGTATACGGCTCCTCTACCATGCTGGTTTACACCACCGGATGCGGTGTTCACGCCTTTACTT
A
>non-promoter squence 2863
GTATGATGAAGAGGACGAATTTGCCGGTATTAAGAACACATATCCTGATGAAATGCTGAAAGAGTTGGTTGAACGCACG
CC
>non-promoter squence 2864
TCCCGTGGGATGACGGCATGAAAGTCGAAAATATGGAGCAGTATTACGACAAAATTGCCTTCTCTGACTGGACTAACTCC
C
>non-promoter squence 2865
TCAGGCCTACATTTTCTCCGCAATATATTGAATTTGCGCGGTTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCCGGCATA
>non-promoter squence 2866
ACCCTAACAATCTGAGCGGCACGCCGAAAGAGGCGATGCGTAACCGTACCATCACCGACGTGTTTGAACCGGGCTCAA
CGG
>non-promoter squence 2867
GAAATCCACGGACTTCTGGTCGTTACCGTTGCCGCAGGAAACGAAGCAGTACGTGCCTAAAATGCTGGCATTGAGTGAT
AT
>non-promoter squence 2868
ACTTTGCGGATTGCATTACTGCCATTCGGGAAAAAAGCCCGCAAATCAAAATTGAAACTCTGGTGCCGGATTTCCGCGG
TC
>non-promoter squence 2869
GAATCGCGGGATCGCATTATATTACGGCGGTCGTGACAAGTTAGCGCAAGATGATCTGCTGGCGTTTTATCAAGACGATC
C
>non-promoter squence 2870
GTTTTGAGATCGAACGTATCGCCCGCATCGCGTTTGAATCTGCTCGCAAGCGTCGCCACAAAGTGACGTCGATCGATAA
AG
>non-promoter squence 2871
GGGGGCGCTACCGTGGGGGATCTTACTGGCGTTAGGTCGCCGCTCCCATATGCCGATTGTGCGTATCTTATCGGTCATTT
T
>non-promoter squence 2872
CCAGCCTGATTTCAGCCTCCGCCCAGGGCAAAAAAGCGGTCGATGCGTTAGCGGGGCAGAGTGCGAAATTGCTCAAC
GGCA
>non-promoter squence 2873
GAGCTGGCAGCAAGGGCCTATCGTTTTGAACTGGTTGGATATACAAGATTCTTTTGATGCTTCTGGTTTTAACCTGATTAT
>non-promoter squence 2874
GCTACGCCAACAAACTGCTGTTGCCGCGTTTTGCCAAATCGGCATTTGATGAGTTTTCTACTCCCGCCGCGCGCAAATAT
T
>non-promoter squence 2875
CTTTGTTTATGCCGGATGCGGCGTAAACGCCTTATCCGGCCTACAAAATCGTGCAAATTCAACATATTGCAATTCTCTTGT
>non-promoter squence 2876
GTGCATTTTCTTTCGATGTGACTCATTCCAATGTTCGTATCCCGGATGATAAAACATACCAGGGGCAAAGTTATCGTGTTT
>non-promoter squence 2877
CGTGGGGGCCAGTAAAAGTGACGCCGTGCGTGACATTTATATTGGCACGCTGGACGCGTTTCCGGCACAAAACTTTCC
ACC
>non-promoter squence 2878
TGTGACGGTGAACGGCGCAAAGATGTCCAAGTCTCGCGGCACCTTTATTAAAGCCAGCACCTGGCTGAATCATTTTGAC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2879
TCTGATCTTTCCCTGGCAGATCCGTAACCGGCAGCCTGACCCAGCCATTTTTCTCGATTTTCTCGAACGCTTCGCCTTGCC
>non-promoter squence 2880
GGATGAAAAAACGCTGGCTGACGCCGCACAACTGGCTTCGCTGGCTGATGAAACGCCGGAAGGCCGCAGTATTGTGAT
CCT
>non-promoter squence 2881
AAAATCATTGATATGGCCATGAATGGCGTTGGATGCCGGGCAACAGCCCGCATTATGGGCGTTGGCCTCAACACGATTTT
A
>non-promoter squence 2882
TGTATGAACTTTCTGCCGTGACGCAGATCCAGCACACCACGCCAGCCGTTGTGCGAACTGCCAAAGGTCAGGTGACGG
CGA
>non-promoter squence 2883
CTGATGGAATTTCCGGCGCGATGGCGCGTATTGAGCAGGCGGCGGAGGGGCTGGAGTGTCGGCGTTCGTTGTCCAATT
CGG
>non-promoter squence 2884
ACGATGAAGCATCAGGTATGCAGCAGGCTTTGATCGCTAAAGGCGTACCAGCAAAAGTGATCTTCTGCGACTATGCCGG
AT
>non-promoter squence 2885
TAACTGCAACGGTTAAAGATCAGTTCGACAATGAGGTGAATAATCTTCCGGTAACATTCAGCTCAGCCTCTTCAGGACTC
A
>non-promoter squence 2886
CGAGCTGCGGATGCGTGAACTGGCGCGCACCATACCGCCGACGGATATTCAGCTTTACTATCAGACGCTGTTGATTGGT
CG
>non-promoter squence 2887
GCGTGATGGGACTGTGCCAACCAATGATGGCTACCTATCGTCCACATAATAATCAGCTGATGGAATGGGTGCAGACCCGT
G
>non-promoter squence 2888
AATGCGTGCGCTGGCCCCACAAATTGCTCGCCTCGATCATGATAAACAGCACATCGCCGAAGTGATGGATTTCCTCAGCG
T
>non-promoter squence 2889
AGAAATCTCAGCGCATCAGGATAAACTGCTACCTTAGGTCAACCACCAAAAGAAAATACAATACGTCCAGTTTGTATGCC
T
>non-promoter squence 2890
ACAGCGGTGAGAAGAAATTTGAAATCGCCGATGCGGTTCAACAGGCTGGCGCTACGGAGCTGGTGGTGCATGGGCGG
ACGA
>non-promoter squence 2891
GCTGACATTACGTGCGGTAGGGCAACTTGGCCTGATGTGCCGTTGGCTAATTAACGATGTCTCAAGCCAGGTGTCCAGT
GT
>non-promoter squence 2892
GGCTTACTTTGTCGATGCGCCGTATCAGGTCGATAAAATCAGCGCACAAACTTTCGCCGACTGGCAGAAAAAAGCCGCC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2893
TCACCCGTGGTGAAACGCAGGCGCTGGTTACCGCAACGCTGGGTACTGCTCGTGACGCGCAGGTTCTTGATGAACTGA
TGG
>non-promoter squence 2894
TGGCTACCCGCTTCAATACCATGACCAAAAAAGCTGACGAAATTCAGATCTACAAATATGTTGTGCACAACGTAGCGCAC
C
>non-promoter squence 2895
TGAAGACAGGAGTACCGTGCTGTACTTGCAGGACTGCGCCCAGCAGGCAGGGCAGGAGTCGCGGTTTATCTACATTGA
AGA
>non-promoter squence 2896
TAATGTGCCGTCCCGTACTGGCTGCGATCTGCTCCCGGAAACGGTGGGCCGTCTGGCGAAAGTAAAAAATATTATCGGA
AT
>non-promoter squence 2897
ACATGGGCCTTGCGGCACGTATGATGAGCCAGGCGATGCGTAAGCTGGCGGGTAACCTGAAGCAGTCCAACACGCTGC
TGA
>non-promoter squence 2898
GTTTTGATGCCATTCGCGAACGCGATGTGTTGCTCTATTATCCTTATCACACCTTTGAGCATGTGCTGGAACTGCTGCGTC
>non-promoter squence 2899
GATGGTCGGGCGCGACATTGGCGATATCTACGGCTGGCAACCGCGTAGTTATGGCGAGGAGCGCCTACGTCTTGATGCT
GT
>non-promoter squence 2900
AAGCGGTGGTGCATTTGCACAGCACATGGTCGACGGCGCTTTCCTGCCTGCAAGGGCTGGACAGCAGCAACGTTATTC
GTC
>non-promoter squence 2901
CCGAAGTTCGTAAGCCTGAACTGGACGCAAAACTGGTTGCTGACAGCATCACTTCTCAGCTGGAACGTCGCGTTATGTT
CC
>non-promoter squence 2902
GGCTAAACCGTTTTCACCCCGCGAAGTGTGCGCCAGGGTGCGCACCTTACTGCGTCGGGTGAAGAAGTTCTCGACGCC
GTC
>non-promoter squence 2903
AATATCCGTTTATTGAACTGTTGATTAATGAGAATTACCCGCATCTCAATGAAGGAAAAGATAATCGCGGTCTTTTATCCT
>non-promoter squence 2904
TCAGCCGTGATAAAGGGTTTGTTCATGTGATGCAGGAACGTTGCATTGGTTGCAAAACCTGCGTTGTGGCTTGCCCGTA
TG
>non-promoter squence 2905
CGCCCAACGTTTTCATGCGACCTATTCTGGCGATGAATGGCAGGCATTCCTTCAGCTTAATCAGGCCAACCGCGCGCCAT
T
>non-promoter squence 2906
AAGGCGTGGCGGCGGAAAACGTCATCTTCTTCCCCAACTGGTCGGAAATTGCCCGTTTTCAGCATGTTGCAGATGCCGA
TG
>non-promoter squence 2907
ATCACGCCGAACGCGATAAACATCTTCGCAGTGCAGATTTCCTCAATACCGCAAAATATCCACAGGCAACATTCACCTCC
A
>non-promoter squence 2908
CGATAATGACTGCGTGATGCTGGCGCTGGCGGAGAAATGGCAAAATAATTCGCAGGAACGGGATTTCTGCGTGATCAA
CGT
>non-promoter squence 2909
TATCTGGTTGTATAGTGCGTTCCGCGGTGTGCAGTTAACTTACGAGCACACCATGCTTCAGCTCTATCCTTCGCCGTTTGC
>non-promoter squence 2910
GCCAGATTGCCGAACGTGTGGCAATCGCTGTCGATAACGCCCTCGCCTATCAGGAAATCCATCGTCTGAAAGAACGGCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2911
TGCGCTGTTACCGCACCGGACGTTAAAAGAGGCAGAGAGCATCGCCGGTCAGTTAATCAAAGCCGTTGATACCTTGCC
GAA
>non-promoter squence 2912
CATGTACAAAAACAACAAAAGCCAGGTTATCTCCTGGCTGGCGTTGACCTGGTTGTTTGGTGCCGGATTTATCGGGATG
GA
>non-promoter squence 2913
CGCAGATGGCATTGCGGCGATTAACACCGTTAAATCCATCACCAATATCGATCTTAATCAGAAAATCGGTATGCCGATCGT
>non-promoter squence 2914
AAAAGCCAGCGGGCGTTACCAGTGGATTTTAATCGACTTACCGCGTGATGCCTCGCAGATAACCCACCAGCTGCTGAGT
TT
>non-promoter squence 2915
CCAACGGTGGCAACCCGACGCGTGTTGGCGGCGTGCTGCCGGAAATGTCTGCGGCGATTGCCGGACATGCCAGCGAG
GCCG
>non-promoter squence 2916
GGTGCCCGTTCAGCGTGTCGGCAAAATGGTGCTCAATCGCAACCCGGATAACTTCTTTGCTGAAAACGAACAGGCGGC
TTT
>non-promoter squence 2917
AAGAGTTTGGCCTGGCACCGTTCCTGCCGGATCAGATCCACTTCGTACACAGCCAGGAGTTACTGTCTCGTTATCCGGAT
C
>non-promoter squence 2918
ATTTCATGCCATTAAAAATATTACCTGTGCTGAAGGTGGCCTGATTGTAACTGATAATGAAAACCTTGCCCGCCAGCTACG
>non-promoter squence 2919
GATTCCTCGGCGCGGTGGTGCTGGGGCTGGCGATTGGCTATTTCGTCTTCTGGTTCCGCAAAGTGCGCCTTGGCAAAG
CAT
>non-promoter squence 2920
GAACAGTTGCGCGGTGGCGGCGCAGGTTTATATCGGCAGCGAATATGAACATCAGTCGATCAAAAATATTATTCAGCTG
GT
>non-promoter squence 2921
TCGCCCGACTTCGCATAAAGGCGATCACGGGCGGCTGGTAATTATCGGTGGCGATCACGGCACGGCGGGGGCTATTCG
TAT
>non-promoter squence 2922
AGCATGGCGCATTATGGTACCGGGCAAAACACCATCAGCCTGGCGCTGGGTTCCATTACAAGAAGATGCCGCAGACGA
GAG
>non-promoter squence 2923
TCGTCGTTACGATCCGGTGATTGATGAACTGCTGGAAGTAACCGACCTGGTAATGCTCGATCTCAAACAGATGAACGAC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2924
AGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCTGGCATTTGGCTCTCGATGCCTGATGCGACGCTGGCGCGTCTTATCATGCCTACATATTTTTC
>non-promoter squence 2925
AGTGATGCATGACGGTATTGAACGTGGGATGAACACTGAAGGCGTGCTGCCTGGTCCGCTCAATGTGCCGCGCCGTGC
CGT
>non-promoter squence 2926
TCGGTCTGTCACTGCACGACCCGCTGCTCACCGTGGTTGGACTGCTCGGCGCACTGTTTCATCTGCTCAACCATGCGCTG
T
>non-promoter squence 2927
CAAACTGGGGGTTGCACCGTTAACCAGTATGTTCCTGTTTGGGCCGAACCAACCGTCGCCTGCAAATAACTATCGTCCG
GA
>non-promoter squence 2928
AGTCGAACGTGACGGAAGGCGCATTGGTACAGAACGGTCAGGCGACTGCGCTGGCAACCGTGCAGCAACTTGATCCG
ATCT
>non-promoter squence 2930
ACAGACGCCGGAGAGTTTCGCCTTTACCCTGAAACGTGTGGCGGAGCTGAACCCCGATCGTCTGAGTGTCTTTAACTAC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2931
ATGGTTTACGCTATGATATCTGGAATGGAGTGACGGTGATTGCTTTTTGTGCCGTACTGTACAATATCTCTCTGTTATTTA
>non-promoter squence 2932
CCTCGATCTCAGCTTGCGCAACATGACCTTCAGTAAAGATGACTGGCAGACACAGGAAGGCAAACTGTCGATGAACGCT
AG
>non-promoter squence 2933
GAGCCGACTTTGATTTTCTGACTCAGGTTTACTCACGGTCCGGTCTTTATGAGGCGCTGAAAAGTCCATCGCTGAAACA
GA
>non-promoter squence 2934
GTCGCTGTTCTACATTAATGTTCGTGCCATTCCAGCAAAGAAAAAATCAGATGATGTTAATGCTAACGAGTTGACGCTGG
T
>non-promoter squence 2935
ATGGTGGCTCTCCCTTCCCATTATTGTCATTTATCCTCTGCTGTTTGGCTGGGTCAGCTACCAGACGGCAACCAAACTGGC
>non-promoter squence 2936
ACGCCAAAAAAGAAGGTGTGAATAGCACCGAATCTGGCCTGCAATTCCGCGTGATCAACCAGGGTGAAGGCGCAATTC
CGG
>non-promoter squence 2937
GGATGCTGCAAAAACTGGAAGCGGCCTGGCAACAACAGCAGACCAGCAGTACGCCTGCCGCGACGGTAACGCGTGAG
AATG
>non-promoter squence 2938
GCTGATTGTCACTAACTGTATCGTTGTGGGCCGCGCTGAAGCCTTCGCCGCCAAAAAAGGTCCGGCGCTTTCGGCACTG
GA
>non-promoter squence 2939
AGCTGGAGCTGCCTACAGTTCATATCGACAATCTGACCGCCGCATTTGATGCAGTAAATTATTTATATGAGCAAGGGCATA
>non-promoter squence 2940
CGAACAACTGAAACTGGCGAAACGCTACGATCTGCCGGTGATCCTGCATTCACGGCGCACGCACGACAAACTGGCGAT
GCA
>non-promoter squence 2941
TTGCCAGCCAGTTACGGATTCAAATCAACGAGCAGATCTACTTCTCCCGTCGCGTTCGTTTTGTGGAAGGGAAACCGCT
GA
>non-promoter squence 2942
ATGATTTGCTGCCACTGACTGATCTGCTCGAAAAGAACGGTTTTAGCTGCCAGATCGAAACCAGTGGTACTCATGAGGT
AC
>non-promoter squence 2943
CCGCGTCTGATCAGGTGACCCAGCACGTTCACTTTGTCGATAAGAAACGCAAACGCGAATTGCTGTCGCACATGATTGG
GA
>non-promoter squence 2944
CTATCAGGTGATGGACCCGGAACGCTTTGGCGTGGTGGAGTTTGACGACAATTTCCGCGCTATCTCGCTGGAAGAAAA
GCC
>non-promoter squence 2945
GGCTACCTGCGGCGCTGGATGAATGCCGCCTGATGCAAATGCGTCGTCAGGAAGTCGTTGCGCCGGAAGATGCCTGGC
GTG
>non-promoter squence 2946
GCTGATTGCTGCTGACGGGGGTTATGCGTTCAAGTATGAAAACGGCAAGTACGACATTAAAGACGTGGGCGTGGATAA
CGC
>non-promoter squence 2947
TGATCGGCTTTGGTCTGCAACCAGCGATTATCGCCTTGATCCTTTACGGTGTGCTGCCCGTCCTGCAGGCGACACTTGCC
G
>non-promoter squence 2948
ACGGTATGGAAGGTCTGTTGCAACAGCGTCACCGTGAAGGGCGTCTTTCCGGCGTACTGAACGGCGTGGACGAGAAA
ATCT
>non-promoter squence 2949
TGATGTTCTCCACGCCGTGCGAACCGTATGAAGTTAATCCGATTCTGGAACGTGCTATGGACCGTATTCTGATCCTGCACG
>non-promoter squence 2950
CGATCCGAACTACGACATCAAACAGCTGGCGCTGGAGTGCGCAAGCAAGCGCATGTATCCGGATATCCTGAACTACGAT
CA
>non-promoter squence 2951
GTGGTTACAGGAAGTTATCCATTTTAATGTGCTGGCCATTGTGCCTCGTGATTCAACCGTCGAGACATTTGCGTTGGCGG
T
>non-promoter squence 2952
GCAGCGAAGAGAGCAACGGCGTCGACTTGCTGGGCATCATCGACGAAGACGTGCCGAAAATGACCGACTTTGGTCTG
CCAC
>non-promoter squence 2953
AGGTCAACGCCATTGAGCGTGATAAGGCGCTGGCATGGGTGGAGCGCAATATTAAAGTACCACTGACCGAACCACAAA
AAG
>non-promoter squence 2954
CCATGCGGTGCTCGAGTGGGTGGCTGATCCCCGCAGCGTATTGCAGACCCTCTGGTCAGTGTTGCGTCCAGGCGGCGT
GTT
>non-promoter squence 2955
AACGTGCTGGCGACGATGCTGCGCGTCCGGAATGGCTGGAGCCAGAGTTCGGCGTGCGTGATGGTCTGTACTACCTGA
CCG
>non-promoter squence 2956
CTTTTTCGGATTAGGCTCTTCAGCCGCCGTTGCCCACGATGCGATGAATAAGTTCTTTCGTTTTAATGTTCCGGTGGTGTA
>non-promoter squence 2957
GCATGACCGAAGCCGCGAAACTGCTGAACAAGCAGCTTGAGCGCGGCAAGATCGATGGTCTGAAACTGGCTGGCGTG
ATCT
>non-promoter squence 2958
TGCATTACAGGGAACTGGCGATGTGCTAAATCAGTTACATATTGATTTTAGAGCCCTTAGCGGTGTCATGGCTGCTGGCT
C
>non-promoter squence 2959
GGCATCGTCTTAACGAGGCACCGAGGCGTCGCATTCTTCAGATGGTTCAACCCTTAAGTTAGCGCTTATGGGAGTAATCC
C
>non-promoter squence 2960
TGAAAGGTAAAAAAATCGCCATGACCTGGGCCTACTCTCCAAGCTATGGCAAACCGCTCTCTGTACCACAAGGCATCATC
G
>non-promoter squence 2961
GGAACTGGCGATTGGCGCAACACGCGCGATTCCGGTAGGCGGTCGTTATGCCTTCCGGGATATGGGGATGCTAAGCTG
GAG
>non-promoter squence 2962
TCAGTTACCTGAATGCTCTGAGGCTGATGACAAACGAAGAACTGTCTAATGCGTAGACCGGAAAAGGCGTTCACGCCG
CAT
>non-promoter squence 2963
AGTGGGGCATGCGACGCTGAATGAAGGGGTAACAGCGAAAATCCATCAGACTAATCACGCGATTCACCTGATTTGTGC
GGC
>non-promoter squence 2964
CGTTGGGGATATGGCTGGCGAGAAGTCCGCGAGCGGCGAAAATTATTCGTCCACTGCTTGATGCCATGCAGACCACGC
CAG
>non-promoter squence 2965
TGGAGAACGACTGGTCCGGATATTTGCTGGCGATCGTTTGCCTCATTGCCGCACAAATCATTGCCCGCATGATGATCAAA
T
>non-promoter squence 2966
CACTTGTTTATGCCGGATACGGCGTGAACGCGTTATCCGGCTAACAAAATCGTGAAAACTCAATAAATTGCAGAAACCCC
A
>non-promoter squence 2967
ACTGAAGCTGGTGCGTCTGTCGAAATATTCTCTCGATGCAGCGCTGAAAGAGAAAAGCACGCGCAATACCCGGGAAAG
ACT
>non-promoter squence 2968
CCGCCATCGTGATTGAGCCGGTTCAGGGCGAAGGCGGTTTCTACGCCTCGTCGCCAGCCTTTATGCAGCGTTTACGCGC
TC
>non-promoter squence 2969
AATGGTCACCGTGCGCGATATCACTCTGACCAGCACCTGTGAACACCATTTTGTTACCATCGATGGCAAAGCGACGGTG
GC
>non-promoter squence 2970
GAATAAAGCAGGTATTCCGTGGGCCATTGTGACTTCTGGCTCCATGCCGGTAGCGCGAGCGCGCCATAAAATAGCTGGG
CT
>non-promoter squence 2971
CAGTTCTGGCTGAAGAGGTGGTGGAAATTCCCAATCCTCGCGTGGCGTTGCTCAATATTGGTGAAGAAGAAGTAAAGG
GTC
>non-promoter squence 2972
CCACGGTTTTTACCCTGCCGGAGGCGGTGTGGTGGCAACGGAAGTCTCGCCCGTGGCATCGTTTAACACCTTGCAACTT
GG
>non-promoter squence 2973
TTTCTCAGCAGTTAATTAAGAATCTGGCGACACTAAAAGCAGGCAATGCACGCGTGGTGAACAGCAACGCGATGTCATT
CC
>non-promoter squence 2974
CTTTGCACGGCTTTGATCTCGCCAGCGAGCAGCATACTGTGCGCGACACCGCGTTCCTGATGGAACAGTTGGAGCTGC
GCG
>non-promoter squence 2975
GTGGAAAATCCCTGGCGGCGGTCGCTTAAGTGCGATGGGACTGCTGATGTTGGCGGTGGTGGTTATCGGCATATTCCTC
GC
>non-promoter squence 2976
TGTTAAAAGCGGAAGGGATTCCGACGCTGGGAACCGCGGTATATGGCGCAGCACAAGGGCTGCTGTCGGCGCTGGCA
GGTG
>non-promoter squence 2977
GATTTTTACGTCGTTTGGTTTTCACGGTAGCGTGCCGAGTATTGTCAGCTATATGGATGGCAACATTCGTAAGCTACGCTG
>non-promoter squence 2978
CCCCGCTGGCGCGGGGAACTCGACAGAACGGCCTCAGTAGTCTCGTCAGGCTCCGGTTTATCCCCGCTGGCGCGGGGA
ACA
>non-promoter squence 2979
GCGTCTGCTGGAAGCGAAAAACTCCACCGCCATGCTGACCACGTTCAACGAAGTCAACATGAAGCCGATTATGGATCTG
CG
>non-promoter squence 2980
GAGCGGATATTATTGTTGGCGCGATGCATGAGCCACCATCTTCCAGTGAGTTTGGTTTTTCACGGTTGGGCGATCTGGA
AC
>non-promoter squence 2981
GGCTTATTACCAGCAAACACTGAACCAGTTTTGCCAACATGGAACCATCAGTGGTTGCCTGACAGTAAAACTCTCTGCC
GA
>non-promoter squence 2982
TGGTGGTGATTAACGCGGTAGTTGCGGTCTGGGCGGCACCGGCGGTGAGCGCATCCGACTTTACGCAAAACGCCCACT
CGT
>non-promoter squence 2983
ATGAAATTGAAAATATCTATAGCGACCTGGAGCAGTTGAGCCGGGTGATTATGGAAGGGCATCAGGGCGATGAGTACG
ACG
>non-promoter squence 2984
TCGAAACCCAGCCTGCTAATCCGGCGCAAAAGCCGGGCCTGCTGCAATCTTTCCGCGCAATTGCGGGTAACCGCCCGCT
GT
>non-promoter squence 2985
GCCACTATGTCGAATTGCTGGAAGGCACCAACACGCAGTTGTTGGATACGCGCAAAACCTTACCCGGCCTGCGTTCAGC
TC
>non-promoter squence 2986
CCATTGCGCTAACTGCGCCAATGTTTGGGATCGTGATTCGTATGCCGTCATTTATGGCACGGCAGATCCTCAACTGGGCC
G
>non-promoter squence 2987
TGAGGAAATCAACCGCGACCATGTGATGCTGCGTTATCAGGGAAAAATAGAGCGTCTGAGTCTGGCAGAAGAGGAACG
TTC
>non-promoter squence 2988
TACCCGGCAAACCGATTTCTTCAACTTATACTTTAAAAGCGATTGAAACCGGTGAAGTGGTCTACGCTGATGGCAACGAA
G
>non-promoter squence 2989
GGAAAGCAGTAACCCGCTCAATCGCTTTTTGATTCGTGTTTATCATCCGCTGTTGCTGAAAGTACTGCACTGGCCGAAAA
C
>non-promoter squence 2990
ATTGATCGCCCAGGGAAAAATCCGCCGCTGGGGCGTTTCTAACCTTGATTATGCTGATATGCAGGAACTCTGGCAGCTG
CC
>non-promoter squence 2991
CTCAGGAAGGCGTGAAAATGGGCGCACTGGTAAATGCTGAGCAGCGTGCCGATGTGCAGGAAAAAGTGAACATATTG
CTGG
>non-promoter squence 2992
CGGCAGCGCGAAGATTATGCCGTTCTTTAAAACGCTGCTGGTGGAGCTCGCGCCAGTGTTCGACTCGCTCGATAATAAA
AT
>non-promoter squence 2993
GGGGTAAACCGACCTGTGTCAACAACGTCGAAACCCTGTGTAACGTTCCGGCGATCCTCGCTAACGGCGTGGAGTGGT
ATC
>non-promoter squence 2994
GCCAACCGCAGTTGCGGATCTGCTGCAACTGGACAACGCCGGTGTAGTGGATATCGGCGGCGGCACTACCGGCATTGC
CAT
>non-promoter squence 2995
TCCGCAGAACTACGATATGGCGCTGCTGAAATCTCCCGCAGAAGCGATCAAAGATCCTGCTACGTTCAAAACTGGCTGG
GT
>non-promoter squence 2996
AAGTTTGCGTGAGTTAGGCGTGAAATGGACGCTGGCCGATGCGCAACACGCTGGTGGCGTTGGGCAAGTCACCACGC
TTGG
>non-promoter squence 2997
CGGTATTTGCCTATCACGTTAATGATCCAGAACGCTATGGTGTCGTTGAGTTTGATAAAAACGGTACGGCAATCAGTCTG
G
>non-promoter squence 2998
AAATCTCGCTTCAGGTGAAGGGAATTTCTTTATCCGTCCTGGCGGCGTGTTTTATGTCGCGGGAGATAAAGTCGGCATC
GT
>non-promoter squence 2999
GGATGCTCAGTCACAGGTAAATTCTGTTGATGCGAAATATCAGGAACTGCGGGCAGAACTCCATGAAGCCCGGAAAAA
CAT
>non-promoter squence 3000
TCAAACTGTTTAATCAAGCAATAAGCGGCGCACCTTACACTGCGCTGTCGGTTCCCCTTTCTTTAACTGCTGATTCTGTTT
>non-promoter squence 3001
AATTAAGTTGTGCTCTTGGATCATCCCGTACCAACGCGACGCGTATTGCCGATGAACTGGAAAAACGCGGTTGGATCGA
AC
>non-promoter squence 3002
ACAACGGGCGTTCATCCACTGGCGCATTCAACTGGCGAAAAGTCTGACCGAGTATAATCGGGTCTATCAATCTGCATTCT
C
>non-promoter squence 3003
GAGACGTTTCCGGTGAAGGCGTACAGCAGGCACTGTTGAAACTGATCGAAGGTACGGTAGCTGCTGTTCCACCGCAAG
GTG
>non-promoter squence 3004
GTGTCACGCTGTTTGGTGTAGGTGAACTGGGGATGGCAAACACGACACCGGCAGCAGCAATAGTCAGCACAATCACTG
GCC
>non-promoter squence 3005
TCGATACCACGCCGATTATTAATGCTCACTGGTTTGCGCTGCCAACCCTCTATACGCCGCGCTTCGAGTGGTTTGCCATTC
>non-promoter squence 3006
AGTGGTTTATGCGCCAGCAGGGCGCAGAAAAAGCCTCTTTTGACACCATTGTCGCCAGTGGCTGGCGTGGGGCGCTGC
CGC
>non-promoter squence 3007
TGCCGCGCGTAACGCTGGAAATTGAACAACGTTATAACCACATTCCAGATACCAGTTCGCTGAGCATTCGTACTTCCGGC
C
>non-promoter squence 3008
TGCCTTCCTGCTGTTTACCGGCGTGAAGATGGCGCTCGCCCATGAAGATGAATCAGGCATTGGCGACAAGCCGCTGGTG
CG
>non-promoter squence 3009
GCAAATTGCGACCCAGTTTTATGAGCGGACACTACTGTCACATGACAAATCAGCCATGCTGCAACAACACGCTCCTGCC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3010
TGAAGAAAACTGGCCGCTGTTACTTGATGCGCTTATTCCTGTCGCCAATACCTGCGAAATGATCCTGATGCCCGCCTGCT
T
>non-promoter squence 3011
CATCGTGCACCGAATGCCGGATGCGGCGTGAACGCCTTATCCGTCCTACAAATACCCGTAATTTCAATATGTTTGGTAGGC
>non-promoter squence 3012
AACCGTTCCGGCTCAGACGCGTTTAGTCGAATCTTTGCAACGGCGTGAAATTACTCGTGAGTATGAAGCGGTGGCGATT
GG
>non-promoter squence 3013
CTGGGCGGTACAGGCCGCGCTCAATATCCTCTACGGCATTCCTAAGCAAACTCGCACCGAAAAACTCTCTGGCGTTTAC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3014
CACTGTTATGGGTGCGTGACCAGGTGATGAGCAGCGACAAGCTGCGTTCAGAACTGGCGGCAAATTACCCGTTTATCGA
CC
>non-promoter squence 3015
TATCAACGCCTTAATTGCCAGCAAAAAACAGCTTATTGACGGTATCGCTCACGAACTGCGAACACCGTTAGTGCGCCTGC
G
>non-promoter squence 3016
ATCTATTTTCCTGAAACAAGGTGAATATTCAAAAACTCCTGTCAAATTGCCTTTTGCCCTGAAAAATGCATAGTCAAATAT
>non-promoter squence 3017
GGCAGGGATTGAAACCGGTGCGTTAATGGCACTCTATTTTGCAGACGAAGCCATTATTACCACCAACCCGGAAGTCTCC
TC
>non-promoter squence 3018
TCGGAGCAATTTCGTTCGATGCGACCCAGGCGAAGAGTACGCTAGCAGATCAAAGCGAACATAAAGGTCAGTCATATCG
TT
>non-promoter squence 3019
TGGTGGGCTACATCGCCTGGCTGGCGACCGCTTACCGAATGAGCTTTTCCCGCGAAATCAATCTGGGCCTGGCGCAACA
TG
>non-promoter squence 3020
TGATAACGAAGCAAAAGGTAAAGAGTACCGCGAGAAATTTGCCAAAGAGAAAGGTGTGAAAACCTCTTCAACTGGTCT
GGT
>non-promoter squence 3021
TGGACGAAGCCTTCTCGGCGCTCGATCCATTAATTCGCACCGAGATGCAGGATGAGCTGGTAAAATTACAGGCGAAACA
TC
>non-promoter squence 3022
GTCAGCAACCAAAAATCCTGCGCCAGATTGAGCGTCTTCCCTGGCTGCGTTTCGAACTGGTGGAGCATATCCGTCTGCC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3023
GCAATAACCTGCACAATTACCTCGATGACCTGGTCGACAAAGCCGTCTCTCCCGTGGTGTATCTCATCGGTGTTGACCATA
>non-promoter squence 3024
TTTAAGTCTGGTTATCGGTATCGTGATGGCGGAAGTATTACGCAAGCTGGGTGCAGATAAAGTTCGTGTTAAATGGCCTA
A
>non-promoter squence 3025
GCTGACTCAGTCATTTCATTTCTTCATGTTTGAGCCGATTTTTTCTCCCGTAAATGCCTTGAATCAGCCTATTTAGACCGT
>non-promoter squence 3026
ACGCTTATCAGGCCTACGTGGATCGATCAATTTATTGAATTTACACAATTTTGTAGGCCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCAT
>non-promoter squence 3027
ACTTCTTCAACGAAATGAATGAAGACGGTACGCTGGCACGCATTGAAGAGAAATACCTGGGGCATGGCGATGATTTTGA
TT
>non-promoter squence 3028
GTCCGCAGGACCACAGTCAAAAAGTTAACAAGAAGATGTACCGCGGCGCGCTGAAAAGCATCCTGTCCGAACTGGTAC
GTC
>non-promoter squence 3029
GCAGGAAGATGACACTACGCCAGTGCTGGCGCATCTTAGCGAGGATGATCGCAAACAGGTGCTAACGCTGATTGCCGA
TTT
>non-promoter squence 3030
ATACCCTGGCGGCCTGCCTGGAAGATTACTTTATGCGTTCTGAACAGCTGCCGACGCGCCTGTTTATTCGCACCGGCGAC
G
>non-promoter squence 3031
CACATACGGATAAAAATGCCATGGAAATCGTGGATGGTTTTCACCGCCATGAAATTGGTAAAGGCTCATCATCATTAAAAT
>non-promoter squence 3032
TCGAGATATTTACAAAGCTCACCGATTACACCTGGGGAGTTATCTTTGGGGTCGGTGCGGCGACGGTTTGGGTGAGTTA
TG
>non-promoter squence 3033
AGGCGCTGTATGTCGGGATCTCCTCTTACTCGCCAGAGCGGACGCAAAAAATGGTCGAGTTGCTGCGCGAGTGGAAAA
TTC
>non-promoter squence 3034
CTCTTCCCAGGGCGTCACTAATGACGACGGTGATATTGTCTCCGAACTTTTCCCTAACGAAGCGCAAGCGCGGGTAGAA
GC
>non-promoter squence 3035
AGAAGCAAAAAGCGCGTAAGCTGAAAATCAAAGACGCCATGAAGCTGCTGATTGAAGAAGAAGCGGCGAAACTGGT
GAACC
>non-promoter squence 3036
TAATTACGCCGTTGCGTCGTTAGGTACGTCAACCACCGCCGATCACATACAACTGTTGTTCCGCGCGACCAACAATGTCA
T
>non-promoter squence 3037
CGCAATCGGGACGAGCCGATGAGATCAACACTTGTATTGGCTGCAATCAGGCCTGTCTCGATCAAATCTTCGTTGGCAA
AG
>non-promoter squence 3038
GGGCGTGCAGTTCCTGGCCTATATCAACCCGTATGTTGCCAGCGATAAAGATCTCTGCGAAGAAGCGGCACAACACGGC
TA
>non-promoter squence 3039
CGAAGATAAAGGCCCGCAGCCAGCAGTGACGCATTATCGCGGTCTGGCGACCGTAGAAATGCCGGTAGCGACCGGAC
GTTA
>non-promoter squence 3040
AGCGAGTCAGATGGCTGGAAAAGGAGGAAGCAAAACGCCTTATTGATGAGTGCCCCGAACCACTGAAATCTGTCGTCA
AGT
>non-promoter squence 3041
GCATCCGTTTTTACAACGCGTTGGTCCCGATGTGCTGGATCCGAATCTGACGCCGGAGGTGGTGAAAGAACGATTATTG
TC
>non-promoter squence 3042
GTCCGGTACTGTTCCGCTACACCCGTGAAGAAGAGTTTATTGCTAACACCTCTCGTCACGTCGCGAAAGTCACCGTCAAA
C
>non-promoter squence 3043
CTGCGCAGACCCTGAGCTACGAAGTGTTCCTCGGGCTTTCCTTGATGGGCGTGGTGGCGCAGGCCGGTTCATTCAACAT
GA
>non-promoter squence 3044
TGAATTACCATCCGCAAAGCGAACTGGTGATGAACAGGTTGAAGATCCATGAGCCAAAATTGGATGTGCGTGACGTGCT
AC
>non-promoter squence 3045
GATTGGCAACGTTGAGTATGTTCAGGCGAACGCTGAGGCGCTGCCGTTCCCGGATAACACCTTTGATTGCATCACCATTT
C
>non-promoter squence 3046
GATTATTGCAATTTCGATCATCGGCTTAATCTTTGACCCAGCGGTGAAATACCACGGTCTGGTGGCGATGCCAAGCCTGA
C
>non-promoter squence 3047
AGCGCCGTTTAATGATTGCCCGTGCGTTAATGCATGAACCTAAACTACTGATTCTCGACGAACCGACCGCAGGCGTGGAT
A
>non-promoter squence 3048
TCATTCCAACTGTGGCGCGATGACCGCCATTGCCAGCTGTCAGTGCATGGACCATATGCCTGCCGTCTCCCACTGGCTGC
G
>non-promoter squence 3049
TCTATAGCTGGGGCGGCGGTAGCCTGCTGCCGGTAGATACCAGCATCGTTCACTCCGTCGCGCTGGCTAAAACCACTGC
AC
>non-promoter squence 3050
GCGGTGGTGACTGGTTTTTCGATTTAAATGATTCAGAGCAACAAGAGGCAATAGATCTGTTGCTGAAATTCCATCACCTT
C
>non-promoter squence 3051
CGGTGAAGGTGAAGCGATGCTTACCGCCCTCACCCATCTTAGCCGTTCGCCGCTGGAGCAAAATATCATTCAGCCGCTG
GT
>non-promoter squence 3052
TGCAGGAAGACACCATGCGTTTTGCTTCAACGCTGGAGAATATGGGCGTCAGTTTTATCAACGCCATCATGACGTTGATC
G
>non-promoter squence 3053
CGACAATACTCAGGAAAATTTCTGGCCCTCATGGTACCGGCAACATGTTGAAGTGCTATGGACCACGCTCAATCAGTTCA
A
>non-promoter squence 3054
TTTAGACACCGGTGATATGCTCTATAAGCTCTCCTGCCCGATTACTGCAGAAGATACCAGTGGTACGCTGTACGACAAGC
T
>non-promoter squence 3055
TGCCTTATCTGCCTGTCATCATTCACACTCAACAAGAGGCGATGATTTCAGGCTGCAATGGTTTTTATTTTGGCAACGAGT
>non-promoter squence 3056
ATAAATTAGCAGCGATTGCCGCCCCCGCAGAAATCTTTTTACTCGAAGATGGGATTGATGGCTGGAAAAAAGCAGGATT
GC
>non-promoter squence 3057
TTTTAATCAGCTACGCTCCACCAAAAGATGAATCGCTGGTTGCCAGTTTTATTACCCAATATGCCGTAACCGCTTATGCCA
>non-promoter squence 3058
GGTCATCGATCACTTTCTGGTTATGCGTATCTGTCTGGAGCCGCAAGCCTGCCTACTGGCAGCAACGGTTGGCACCGCG
GA
>non-promoter squence 3059
CTTAAAATTATTTGCTTCGCTGTTAATTTCACTTTCATATTCTAGTGCCTACGCAGATTTATCAGAAACAGTGTATATTAA
>non-promoter squence 3060
TGGCAGAGCGATACAAGCTGGTGCTAACGGTTTTGTCAGTAAATGCAATGATCAGAATGATATTTTTCATGCCGTTCAGA
T
>non-promoter squence 3061
ACTTCACCAGCGTGGTTGGTGCCGATCAGGATGATGCCGAAATGCTGGCGGAAGAGTTACGTAAGTTTCCCGCCGAGA
CGG
>non-promoter squence 3062
CGTTAGGCAAACCGCTGGATAAGCTGCGCATGGTTACGCTGGATAAACCGCGCCTGAGTGCCGCGATTGAGGAAGCAA
CAC
>non-promoter squence 3063
AAAACCGGATCAGGCGCGGCGTCGTTTTCGTCTCGGGATGCTGGTCTTTTTCGGCATGCTGGGCTGGGCGCTGCTCAC
AGC
>non-promoter squence 3064
CGCAGCCTGGCAGGAAGCACGCTACGGAAAACTGTGGGAGCAGGGCGTTGAAGGCATTGAAAAGTACAATGACATCA
ACAA
>non-promoter squence 3065
AAAATTACCTGGTTGCTCAGGGGCGTCGTCCACCTTCCAGTGATGTGGATGCCATTGAAGCTGAAAACTTCGAAAGTGG
CG
>non-promoter squence 3066
CAAAACGTTTGGCGAACTGAAAGGCAAACGTGAAACGCCAGCTCCGGTGCCGACGCTTTCTCCGCTGCGTGCGGAAG
CGGT
>non-promoter squence 3067
GGACGTGGGACCGCGCGTGAAAGCGACGTGGAAAAAGCCGTGGATGAACTCTTATGGTCACAGTCTGACCACCAGTA
CTAG
>non-promoter squence 3068
TGATTAACGTCGCGCTGAATAACGGCACTCTGCAACACCCTGTTAAAGGTGTTCACACGGGTTCTCGCGTATTCATGCAG
C
>non-promoter squence 3069
GAAATTTATCGGCCTGCCGGTAGGCGAAGTAGTGAAAGTGGCGAAAGATCATCTCGATGTTGCCGTTACCGAGCCACTG
GC
>non-promoter squence 3070
TAGCGTGCGTCCGCAGGATGTGGGCTTTGTCCCCGACCTGATAGCGTGGAACCTTAGCCCCGAGCGTGGTGGCGATGG
CGG
>non-promoter squence 3071
CCAGCAAAAAGCAACGATGCAGGAAATCTGGCACTCTTTTGTCTCCGGTATCTGGGCGCTGTTTCTTCCAGTCATCATTA
T
>non-promoter squence 3072
GCATCGCCTGCCCGTTTGGCGCAATTGAATTTTCCGGCAGCCGTCCGCTGGATATTCCGGCAAACGCCAATACCCCGAA
AG
>non-promoter squence 3073
CTCGTGCACCAACACCTCTAACCCAAGTGTGCTGATGGCCGCAGGCTTGCTGGCGAAAAAAGCCGTAACTCTGGGCCTC
AA
>non-promoter squence 3074
GCGCGTTTATGCCGACCTACGAACTCTCTGAAGCCCTTGCCGAAGCGATTGTTGGCGTGGCTAACGGCGCTGGCGTGC
GCA
>non-promoter squence 3075
TTTTGTTGTGGTCGATGAAGATGTGTGCATTGGCTGCCGCTACTGCCATATGGCTTGCCCGTATGGCGCACCGCAATATAA
>non-promoter squence 3076
CGCGGCGCTGGATGGTACGCTGGACGACTTTATTGTCGCGCGCGAAACCGAAGGTCAGGCACTGAAAGCATTGATCGA
GCA
>non-promoter squence 3077
TGGAGTTGTCATAAAAGCGGGGGAAGTCATTGCCCGTATTCATATGTATAAAATTGCAACATTAGGAAGCGGAAATCCGC
G
>non-promoter squence 3078
ACTTCCCGGCGCTGACCGGGCAGGATCTGACTCCGGCGCTGGTGAAAACCCTCGCCGACTCGCGCAGCAATATTATCG
GCA
>non-promoter squence 3079
GTATTGTTTCCATTGGTATTTTTAATGGTACTTTATATAGTCTGGTAATGAGTTTTCTCTGGAGTAATACCAGTTTCGGTA
>non-promoter squence 3080
GTGGCTTTCGAATATTTTACTGTGCGTATTATTCAGTTATTTCGTACTGAACAGAATCAAGCGTATTATAATTGCGAGTCG
>non-promoter squence 3081
GCTGTTTGATTACCTGCCTGCCGATGGGCTGCTGGTCGTCGATGAATCTCACGTCACCATTCCACAAATTGGCGGCATGT
A
>non-promoter squence 3082
TTGTGCTGCTGCTCGCCGGATTAATGGGTGGCAGCATGCTGCTTTGGGCGGTGCTGGCGGGCGCGGTAGTACTGGCTT
TGC
>non-promoter squence 3083
TACGCCGCTGGAAGAGAAGGTATTTATTGCCGCTGCGCTGGCGCATAACCAGACCGGACGCCCGATCTCCACGCATACG
TC
>non-promoter squence 3084
TGAAACCAACCACGCATTCTCTATCGAATCTGATAGCGGCGTTGAACTGTTCGTCCACTTCGGTATCGACACCGTTGAAC
T
>non-promoter squence 3085
CCCCCCCATCGAGCAGAAAACGGTGGTGGATGGCGAACCTGTTTTACGAGTGCGTAATCTTGTCACCCGTTTCCCTTTG
CG
>non-promoter squence 3086
CCTTGAGTCAGCGCCGGGAACGTTTATTAGAAAAATAAATAAAACCAGCGTTGTGTTTGAAACTCACGGGCATTACGAA
AA
>non-promoter squence 3087
CACTGGCTGTGAAGCCGTCTGGTTTGAGTTTTGAGCAGGCGATGCAAACTCGTGTCTTCCAGCCACTCAAACTCAACCA
TA
>non-promoter squence 3088
ACTGGTTGAACAGCTGCGCGAAGCCAATGCTGCGCTGATTGCGCAATCGTATACCGACTCGTTAACCGGGCTACCGAAT
CG
>non-promoter squence 3089
CTGTCTGAAAACGCTTCCCCCGCGTGAGTTAGCGTCGGGGCTGGCAGAAGTCATCAAATACGGCATTATTCTTGACGGT
GC
>non-promoter squence 3090
AGCGCTGGATTACAAACTGCGTAAGCAAATGCAGAACGAGCTGAAAGCGTTACAGCGTAAGCTTGGCATTACATTCGTC
TT
>non-promoter squence 3091
ACTGTTTTTTTCAACCTGTTCATATTTCATAAAGATCTGGCCACTGAGTGAGTTTTCAATCACCTTTCCATCCACCTTATA
>non-promoter squence 3092
GCTTGATCAAAGCGATCACGAAGCGATTATTATCGACCAGGTACAGTGTACGCATCTGATGCGAATGTCCGCGCCTATCG
G
>non-promoter squence 3093
GAAGCAGCGCCCATACCCGACGATAACCATACGTTGGCAGCTCTCCGATAACATGGTGTATACGGAGAAGCACATCCGTA
T
>non-promoter squence 3094
AAGGCACCACCCTGCAGGGTGACCTGAAAGCGGCTATCGAACGTGACTTCGGCTCCGTTGATAACTTCAAAGCAGAAT
TTG
>non-promoter squence 3095
CCTGTTAGTGATGGTGAAAGCTAACAATAACGATGTGAAAAGCGTGAAAGATCTCGACGGGAAAGTGGTTGCTGTGAA
GAG
>non-promoter squence 3096
CCAGGACAGCTATGAATTTCTCTGCGATTTCATCAATACCGTTTCCGGCAAAGGCGAGTGTGAGATGTTCATCATCCACG
C
>non-promoter squence 3097
ACGATTACAGCAATTCGTTGCTGGCGTACCGTCAGGCGTTGCAACTACGTGGTGAGAACGCTGAACTGTATGCGGCGCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 3098
AAATTGCCGAGTTGCTTAATGTCGAGCCGCAGCCGCTGGATGGCGAAGCGCAAGAGATAACGCCTGCGCGGATGGTG
GCGG
>non-promoter squence 3099
AGCGCACCGTTCGCATCAGCGTGCCGCTCAGGCATGGTCAGACGGAAAACTCAAAGAAGAGGTGATGACTGCCTTTAT
CCC
>non-promoter squence 3100
GCAGCAGGAATGCAATGCCGTTGTTTGGGATCCGGCGAAAGGTGCCGAGAATATCTCGCAGGCAGAGCAGGCTAAAG
TGGG
>non-promoter squence 3101
TGAAGAGCGTCAGCGCGGGTTAACCAGTTTGCGCCAAATTAACCGCAAGACCCGGGAAGTCATTGGTATTGCCTTTGAT
GA
>non-promoter squence 3102
GGCGCAAAAACGGCGCAACCCGCGTGCTGGCAGCCATTGACGCGCGAATGGGCGAAGTTTACTGGGCCGAATATCAG
CGTG
>non-promoter squence 3103
CACCATGACGCCTGCCACACAAATCCACGGCAAAAAACGACAGAACGTGCTGGAAGCGGCGCGTATTGAGCTGGGGA
TGAA
>non-promoter squence 3104
TTGTCTATACCGCTGCTTCTATCGCCAGTACTTTCGTCGTTACTGCCGGGATGTTCGGCGCAATGAGCCTGTACGGTTACA
>non-promoter squence 3105
GTGCTTCAACGGGTGGAACTGAGGCAATTCGTCACGTACTGCAACCGTTGCCGCTTTCCAGCCCGGCACTGTTAATTAC
CC
>non-promoter squence 3106
GATCATCGCCATGATGGTTGGGCGTTCTCTTAACCAGCGTTTCCCTGACAAAGAAAACAAACCGGGCGAAGTCATCCTC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3107
TCCTGAATGCCGCTGGAACCAAAACCGGAAAAGTTTTCCCGACTGATAATCAGATTGATTATTTTGACGATGTCCCGGTG
A
>non-promoter squence 3108
CTCCAGCGTCAAAATCGTCAACCCGATTATGGGCGTGAAATTCTGGGATGAGAGCGTGAAGATCCCGGCAGAAGAAGT
CAC
>non-promoter squence 3109
TAGAAGCGATCGACCGTCTGCGTGACACCTCTTCTTCTCACCAGCGTATTTCCGTGGTGGAAGTGATGGGCCGTTATTGT
G
>non-promoter squence 3110
TCCCCGATTTTGACTGGGCACGTTATACCTCTGGCATCGTGCTGGCGTTAGTTTCCGTGGTCTGCTGGGCGTGGTATGCC
C
>non-promoter squence 3111
CCGATCTCAATGCCATCCGCGCGGCAGGCCTGCGGCTGGGCGTTTCGACACATGACGATATGGAAATCGACGTCGCGCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 3112
TCCTGACGCTGGCGGCAATATATGCGTATCAGGTAAAAGCAGAAGCCGTAATTACTGGCGTCTGCGAAACGGATTTCTCC
G
>non-promoter squence 3113
ATACCGCATTAACCGGGCGGCGACTGGGCGCGCAGCATATGTTGGTAGTCAGTGCGATGGGTGCCAATGCCCACTCGCC
GT
>non-promoter squence 3114
GCGGTCATACCGCCAGTGGTGGTGATATGAACACACTACGCTTAGGTATTGATGGCATTAGTCAGGCGACACCGCTGGAT
A
>non-promoter squence 3115
CCTGCTGCGTGGGGCGTATCATTATTTCTCCCCGTCGGTATCCGCTTCAGTTCAGGCGAGATTATTTCTGCAAACGGTGG
A
>non-promoter squence 3116
ACCTAACGCCCTGTTCGCACGCTTCAACACGCTGTTTGAAAAATCAACTCAACACTATACCGATAGCACCCGCTCGCTGT
T
>non-promoter squence 3117
GCATGGAAGTGACGCAGTTCACTTACTTCCAGCAGGTTGGTGGTCTGGAGTGTAAACCGGTTACCGGCGAGATCACCTA
CG
>non-promoter squence 3118
GCCGACATGTGGCAGCGGTTGTAGGTCTGATAAGACGCGCAAGCGTCGCATCAGACGTTGATTGCCGGATGCGGGGTC
AAC
>non-promoter squence 3119
ATGCGCTGGCAACCTGGTTTGAAGCGCGTGCCTGCTCTCGTAGCGGCGCGACCACCATGGCGGGCGGCAAGTGCACCC
AGG
>non-promoter squence 3120
TACCGCGCCAACCAGTGAAGAGGCGCAGACCGTTTTGAGCGGGTATATCGATTATATCTCTACGTTGGTGGTGAAAGAG
TC
>non-promoter squence 3121
TGCACCGGTGGGTGTGTTTGCGCTGATTGCGGTGACGGTGGCTAACTTTGGTTTCTCGTCTCTGTGGCCACTGGCGAAA
CT
>non-promoter squence 3122
CGAGAAAATCATCGCCACGGAAACAGGCAGTGTCTGGTCGCCGAAAGTTTTATTACAAGATAAAGCACTGTTGTGGTTT
AC
>non-promoter squence 3123
TCGCTGAACGTAAGCGTCCGGAACAACCTGCGCTGGCAACCTTTGCCATGCCGGATGTGCCGCCTGCGCCAACGCCAG
CTG
>non-promoter squence 3124
TGGAAAGCCGTGATCCGCAACTGGCGGCGATTTCTGCCAAAGCAATTAAAGAAGCGCGCTATCACCTGCGTTTTAGTCG
TG
>non-promoter squence 3125
TGTTGCTGGATAGCCAGGTGTTTGGCGTGCCGCACGGTGAGCTGAGCGAGTTTCAGCTTGAGTGGCTGGAACGTAAAC
TGG
>non-promoter squence 3126
ATGGTCAGGAAGCCCAGCACCAGGTGAGCACGGCGAAGAAAATGTCCGTTGGTCAGATCCTGCGTAACCGTCAGTTCT
GGG
>non-promoter squence 3127
TGATCTGCCTGCTTCTGACAACGGTAGCGGAATGCCGGTATCCAAAGTTGGCGTAACCTTCGATAGCACGGCTAAGACA
AC
>non-promoter squence 3128
GGCGGGTGATTTATCAGGATCCGCGCACCAGTACACCGGGGCTGGGTCTGTTGCTATGGATGCAAAAAGTCTATGGCGA
TG
>non-promoter squence 3129
CACCCTGTGGTAATGCCGTTTCTGCCGTAAAGGTTGGGTTTACTGGCGTTGCAGATAGCCACAATGCCAACCTGCTTGCA
C
>non-promoter squence 3130
TATGTTTGGTCTGGAAGAGTGCCAGCCGCTGACGCCAGATCGTTGGCTGAACGAAGGCGATACCATCAGCATAGGGAA
TGT
>non-promoter squence 3131
AAGACTGGTCGCAGGTCGAGCAAAATCCGTTTTTTTGCCCGGACCCCGACAAAATCGACGCGTTAGACGAGTTGATGC
GTG
>non-promoter squence 3132
CTTTGGCTGAATTATCCTGGTGGGCGGTCTGCAATCAGGTGGTGGATGCACTACCTGAGGCTGTATCGCGTCGTTCGCT
GG
>non-promoter squence 3133
AGATTCACGCAACGCTTGTAGAAAACCTGCGTTATGCCGCGAATATGCTGATGAAAGAAGATATTTTATTACTGATTGAAC
>non-promoter squence 3134
GGCGAATGATTATTGAGGGTTTTCGTGGCGCAGATGATGAAGATGAAGAGCCGCGCCGTCGACACGGTTTCTGGCTAC
TGG
>non-promoter squence 3135
GTCTCTACAGCGCGAAAACCTTCAGCGAAGAAGAGATGCCGAGCTTTGGCGTCAGCGTCTGGACCTCTCTGGTGCCGG
TAG
>non-promoter squence 3136
TGGATCGCGCGATTCGCGTGGCTTCCGTGATTATCCACGACGTCGCCAGAAATAATCATTATCGCGTTAACGAACACTTC
G
>non-promoter squence 3137
AGTTTCTGATGAACAACTAAAAGCGATGCTGGCAAAACACGGCATTCGCCATGACACCACGGTCATTCTGTATGGGCGT
GA
>non-promoter squence 3138
TCAGGGTTGGGATCTGAACAAAGACGGTCAGATTCAGTTCGTACTGCTGAAAGGTGAACCGGGCCATCCGGATGCAGA
AGC
>non-promoter squence 3139
ATGTATATCCTTACTTGCCATGTTCAAAAAACGCGAAAGTGTAAATTCATTTATACTAACAAATATAAATACATTTACCTG
>non-promoter squence 3140
GAACTACTGGAGCAACTATCCGAAGTTCTTCGTTAGCCTGATGAAATCTTTCTATGGCGATGCCGCGCAGAAAGAGAAC
AA
>non-promoter squence 3141
AGCTGGTTGTTGACCAGGAAGATGCCGATGGCCGCTTTGCCACGCCGGAAGCGAAAGCCGCGAACGATAAAGGTCGC
AAGT
>non-promoter squence 3142
TCAATGGCAGGGAAACAGCGATGAGAAACTGCAGACATTGACCGAAAGTCAGCGTTTTGGTTTACGCATAGCAGGTGT
CGT
>non-promoter squence 3143
ATTGGCGGCGTCCTGGAACTGGTGGATTATATGGAAAAATATTCACCAAATGCCTGGATGCTCAACTACTCCAACCCGGC
A
>non-promoter squence 3144
TTCAGCTGAATGATTGCGATACCAATGTTGCATCTAAAGCCGCTGTTGCCTTTTTAGGTACGGCGATTGATGCGGGTCATA
>non-promoter squence 3145
GCAAATACACGTTGCCGCTGACGGCGATTAATCAGTTTCTCACGGTTGGCGGTGAATGGCGTCACGACAAACTTAGCGA
TG
>non-promoter squence 3146
TTTTTCACGAGCCCCCAACCTGTTTGGCCTGTTTGCCAATAGGCGCGCAGCTTTGCAAGCATTGCAGACCATCGCTGATG
A
>non-promoter squence 3147
TACATCGTTCATTGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGCAGCGCATCAGGCATTGCCGGATGGCGGCACAAGCGCCTTATCCGGCCTAC
A
>non-promoter squence 3148
TAGCCCATGAATAACAATCAGAAAGGACCATAACAGACCCGTTAAAATGAAATATAAGAGACGGTCAACGGGTGAAGAA
AA
>non-promoter squence 3149
AAATTTTGATCCAGTAAGCACGGTTTTGGCCTTTTCGCCATTCTGTTGGCTCGGTTATTAGCATCAACAGCTTTGTAATAG
>non-promoter squence 3150
CCTTCGCCCGCTTTAGCCAGAATCCGGCTTACCACACCCAACTGTCACAGCCGATCGAAACCGTGATGCTGGCGCTCAAT
A
>non-promoter squence 3151
GTCATTTAGGTTTTCCGGCGCTTGCCGTCTCGCTTGACGGGCATAAACATTACGACACTGCCGCGGCGGTAACCTGTTCA
A
>non-promoter squence 3152
GTCTGGAACTGGTGGGGATCACCGCAGCAGAAGCTGATAACCCGGAGCAAAGTATACCGAAAGCAACTAACCAGGTTA
TCT
>non-promoter squence 3153
CGGTGGTACGCGGGAGAAAAATGTCACCATCGCCATCGCGCGTAAATTGCGTACTTTGCTCAATGACGATCCGATGTTTA
A
>non-promoter squence 3154
TGCAGGAAACCGTGGAAGAGCACGCGGCAAAACATGCCGGGCAGTATGATGTGGTGACCTGCATGGAGATGCTGGAG
CACG
>non-promoter squence 3155
GACGATTGAACGGGCGATTATGAACCAAACCCGTACTATTCGTTTGCCGATTCACATCGTAAAGGAGCTGAACGTTTACC
T
>non-promoter squence 3156
CTGCGGCGTTCCCGGCTGGGGTGTCTTTACCAATAAAGAACTGCAGGGTGGTGGCCCGCTGATCGACATCGGCATTCAT
AT
>non-promoter squence 3157
CAGTTACTTGCTGTACGGCCCGCTGGCCTGCGGTGCGACCACGCTGATGTTTGAAGGCGTACCCAACTGGCCGACGCCT
GC
>non-promoter squence 3158
ACCTGTGCCAACGGGTTCCCCTCACCCTAACCCTCACCCCAAAGGGGCGAGGGGACCGTTCGTGCACGTAGAAAGATT
AAT
>non-promoter squence 3159
GTAATCTGCTGCATGGAGAGGAGCAATTTGTCTCAGCCGATGCCGGCTACCAAGGGGCGCCACAGCGCGAGGAGCTG
GCCG
>non-promoter squence 3160
CGCTGCTGGTGTCGACCCATCAGATATTGTTCTCGATTACGCAGGCTTTCGTACGCTGGATTCCATCGTGCGTACACGCA
A
>non-promoter squence 3161
ATGCCGATAAACAAGAATATACCGGCGCACGTAACGCGCGTTTCTCCATCTTCCCCGGTTCTGGTTTATTCAAAAAACCG
C
>non-promoter squence 3162
GGATAAGGCGTTTATGCCGCATCCGGCAGTTATGCGCAGATGCCTGATGCGACGCTGGCGCGTCTTATCATGCCTACAAA
C
>non-promoter squence 3163
TCACTGTCTGGCTGGGGATTTCCATCATGGTTTTCTCCTTTAACTTCTCGCCAATCGTCTCTTCCTTCGTGGTTTCTAAGC
>non-promoter squence 3164
GGACCCTTCGCTCAATACGATGGCGAACGATCGGCAACGTGAAGGGAAAATGACCATTCTGGTGGGGAACTCCGGCGA
CCG
>non-promoter squence 3165
CGCAGAAATCGGCCTGATGCGCGCTACAGAGCAACTCTCCAGTATGGAGATGATGGCGGTGGATCCGCTGCGTCGGGT
TAT
>non-promoter squence 3166
AGGCACGGGCGTTAATGTCTACACCCACGGCGAAATGCTGCCTGCGCATGGCTACCCGGAGCTGCGTAAATTCAAGCAT
CT
>non-promoter squence 3167
TACGTAGTCGTTGTCGGTTACATTACCTTGCGCCGCCGCCGGAACAGTACGCCGTGACCTGGCTTTCACGCGAAGTGAC
AA
>non-promoter squence 3168
AGCAAACCATGAACCAGTTTCGCCGTCAGCGGGGCGGGGCGATTGTCACTGTGGCGTCCGACGCCGCGCACACGCCG
CGTA
>non-promoter squence 3169
ATTACCGTCTGGCGCGTGATGTGGAAATTGTCGTTATTGATGGTGTGCGTCGCTTTGGCAATGGCTGGTGGTTGCCGGC
GG
>non-promoter squence 3170
ATCATATTGTGTCGCTGATGCTCGGGCGCGATCACGTTGATATTGCGCCGGTAGCCCCTCAGGAAATTGTGGATCAGGCC
G
>non-promoter squence 3171
ATACAGTTGCTTTCGAGGATGTCGACAAAATAATTGGGGGTTACGATTTCATCCTTTGCTCTAATGTTCTCTCTGCCGTTC
>non-promoter squence 3172
CGGTCAGCCGGAGAAAATTCTCGCCCTTGAGATGGGCGGTAATAATCCGCTAATTATCGATGAGGTGGCGGATATCGAC
GC
>non-promoter squence 3173
ATCGTCGTATCATCCAGCTCAAACTGGAACAACAGGCGTTAATGAAAGAGTCTGATGAAGCCAGTAAAAAACGTCTGGA
TA
>non-promoter squence 3174
TGCTGCTGGGTAATATTCTCGGGACAGGTATTGCGGCGTGGGCATTTGAATATATGCCTATCTTCAATGAAGAAACTCGC
G
>non-promoter squence 3175
CGGGGCACGTCATTACGGCGATATTCGTGCCACCGCGCAGAAGTGGCTGGAAGAGGTGGAGATTCCCGCCAACCGGAT
CGA
>non-promoter squence 3176
ATCAGGCCTAAAGGGATTTCTAACTCATTGATAAATTTGTTTTTGTAGGTCGGATAAGGCGTTCACGCCGCATCCGACATT
>non-promoter squence 3177
CACCGTGGGCAATCGTCCTTATGGTTATATCGGTCTGGGTGATATTTCCGTACTGGTTTTCTTTGGCTGGTTGAGTGTCAT
>non-promoter squence 3178
TCAACGCAATGGGTACCGGTGTACAACTGCTCAGCAAAGAAAAATGCTGCGGCGTACCGCTAATCGCCAACGGCTTTAC
CG
>non-promoter squence 3179
ATGTAGCGCTGGCGTCCAGCCCGACCCATAAATCCGATCTGGCGGTTGCAGGCGCGGTAGTCATCGCATGGGCGATTTC
TC
>non-promoter squence 3180
GAGAGTACCCAGTAGATCAATTGATTAATCATGTTTACCTTCCTGTTCGCCAGCGTCTCGTGCTTGATCACAACACCTCCC
>non-promoter squence 3181
CCGATAAAGACGCGATAGCGACATCCCGCATAAGGCATTTTTCTCTTTATCTTTGTACGGTACTTCATGGAACAGAGTTTT
>non-promoter squence 3182
CGGTTGTTTCGCGCTGGCCTCGGCGTTGATGTTCTGGAAAATCCTCCCTGAATCACGCCATTTTCGCCCGACTTCGCTGC
G
>non-promoter squence 3183
ACCGCTGTCATGTTACAGAGTTTTCACGTTTAACTTGGCAGCCCTGCTTGATTTACAGGGTTTGGAGAAAGTGCTAATCC
G
>non-promoter squence 3184
TGAGGATAACAGCTGGCGTTTTAACCCCAGCTACCTGCCGCCGACGCTGGCGCAGTATTTCACCCGCTTTGGCGCGCCG
TG
>non-promoter squence 3185
CGGAATTGACAAAAGCGTCAGGCACGGAACATCACGGCGGCGTTTGCTTCTTGATCAAAAAGCGTAACGGTACAACCG
TGC
>non-promoter squence 3186
TTAACCCGCGTGAACTGCTGGCCCGTATCCGTGCGGTGCTGCGTCGTCAGGCGAACGAACTGCCAGGCGCACCGTCAC
AGG
>non-promoter squence 3187
ACAACCAGGCGGCGAAAGAAGCACAACTGGCAGACGCCATCGCCAGAGCGGTATACGCTTGCGATCCAGCATTGATTC
TCG
>non-promoter squence 3188
AGCTGAACTGGATTACATTCGTGATGGCGGCGGTCTGGTGGATGGTGATGCGCCGGTGAAGAAAGAGGCGCGTCAGC
CGTT
>non-promoter squence 3189
TGGAAAAAATGACCATTTCAGTGGAAGGCAAAGAACTGGCACTGCTGGAAGGCATGGAGATCAGCGGTAAATCGGAT
CTGG
>non-promoter squence 3190
CACACGCTACGGACCCTACGTAAAACTGTCCTGGGACGCGACAAAAGATCTTAATTTTGGCATTCGCTATCGTTACGACT
G
>non-promoter squence 3191
TTATGTCGCGATTATTGTCCTGTTTTGCGCCAGCGGCACCGGGATCTTCGGGGCGATGAACGAAGGGATGACCGGCGAT
CC
>non-promoter squence 3192
CTAACCTGATTAACCGCTATCCGCATGAGTTCTCTGGTGGGCAGTGCCAGCGTATCGGGATTGCGCGTGCTCTTATTCTTG
>non-promoter squence 3193
GGACGGCGTGATTGCCAACCTGAAGGGCGTTTGCGATCTGGCAGATAAATATGATGCCCTGGTGATGGTAGACGACTCC
CA
>non-promoter squence 3194
CCGCGCTGCGTAGTACCGATGAAGACAAGGAACGCATCCGTGAACTCCACCACGCCATAGAGCTGGCGCAGCAGTCTG
GCG
>non-promoter squence 3195
TCCGGAACCGAACATGACCATTCTGTGGTCTGAAAAACTGCCGCTGAACTTCAAGAAATTCGCCGCTAAAGTGTCCATC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3196
AAAATACGGCCAGCCGGTTCCCGATCGCGCGGTTTCTTTGGCGATCAACTCCCGCACCGGGCGTACGCAAAACCATTTT
CA
>non-promoter squence 3197
CAAACCGTGGAGCGAAATCGGCACTGGTCTTTCTGATAAATGCGTTCTCAGCTACGGCGCATTCCCGGATATTGCCAACG
A
>non-promoter squence 3198
GCTGGTGTTTGGTCGCGAGCGCGTCGGCTTGACCAATGAAGAGTTGCAGAAATGCCATTATCATGTCGCGATTGCGGCT
AA
>non-promoter squence 3199
AAGTGGTGACCTTCCTGCCAATCATCTGGATTGCCGGTTTACTGATTCTGCTGAAAACCATCGGCCTGCTGATTTTCTGG
G
>non-promoter squence 3200
CTTTTGAAGCCATTGTGCAAAAAAATGAAGATAGCCCATCAGCCATAGCGGTTGGGCAGCGTAAAGACGGGGAAATCT
ACA
>non-promoter squence 3201
TCATCATTGCCGGTAGCCTGCCGTGGCTGGGATTACTCCCCGGTGCACTGTACACAGGCTGGAAAAACCGCAAGCATTC
CG
>non-promoter squence 3202
TAACGAACTGTTCACCGCCACTCGCGGTCAGGGCGCACAGCTGAACGGCTACCGACTGCGCGGCAGCACCGCTCGCGA
TCT
>non-promoter squence 3203
AGGAACAAGGACCGGACGTGCCGCTGGCGTTTATTATTGGTCAGGATTCACTGCTGACCTTTCCGACCTGGTACGAATA
CG
>non-promoter squence 3204
CGAAAAAGTAGTGGCGCTGGCGAAACGCTACGATGTGCTGGTGGTCCATGACCTGGCCTATGCCGATATCGTCTACGAT
GG
>non-promoter squence 3205
CCACTTTACGTTACGCATGGGTCAGAGAATATACCAAAAATAGAAAGCGGCATTACCATTTGATACTGTGTTTCAATCAG
G
>non-promoter squence 3206
GAAAACGACCGGGAAACACTTCCCAGGACACGGTGCAGTAACGGCAGACTCACACAAAGAAACACCGTGCGATCCAC
GTCC
>non-promoter squence 3207
TGCTGGAACCGAAATACGTCGTTGCTGCGCTGGTACTGAACATGTTCAGCACCTTTATCGTGCTGTCGCTGATCAATCCTT
>non-promoter squence 3208
GGGTAAAAGTGGTATGAGCGGCGAGCGTGTTGCGGGAAAAGTGATCTTCGAAACGCAATCGACCCACAAAATGCTGG
CGGC
>non-promoter squence 3209
TGCCGCCCAGGCAAAAGAGGTCGATATCATTGTCACCACCGCGCTTATTCCAGGCAAACCAGCGCCGAAGCTAATTACC
CG
>non-promoter squence 3210
GAGACTCTTAATTCGCGTCGGGTCACTACGCCTTAATGAAAATCATGCCATCAAAGGAACGTTGCAGGAGTTGATAAATA
C
>non-promoter squence 3211
TTATCACCACGACCTGACCGGCAAACTTATCCGCAGCGAGGATGAGGGTCTGGTCACCCACTGGCACTATGACGAAGCA
GA
>non-promoter squence 3212
GCAACGCGCTTTTGACAAAAAAGATAAAAATATCAATCACGAACAGGCAGAGCAAAAAGCTCTCGATAATGTCCCGCCG
CT
>non-promoter squence 3213
GGCATAATGTGCTGACCCATCTTGGACCGGAGCCGCTTAGCGACGATTTCAATGGTGAGTATCTGCATCAGAAGTGCGC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3214
GGTTGGTCTGTTTGTTTACACCATTGTGGTGGCGCAGATGGAGCACTTCTCCGGCTGGGCGGGCGTGATTGCCCTGGC
GTT
>non-promoter squence 3215
CGAAGGCGCAGCGTTGCTGTTCAGCGGCAGGATCTGTGATGACTTACCCGGCGGCGCATTTCTTTATACTAATCAACAA
AC
>non-promoter squence 3216
GCGATATTGATAGCGGAATTTATGTCAAACCTGACCTTCCCGAAGCGTATCGACAATATTTACTGCCGCTGGCGCAGGGA
A
>non-promoter squence 3217
GCTGGGTCTGGATGCCTTCGTGCTGTTTAAAAATCCACGCATGGCCATCTTTTTCCTCTTTGCCATGATGCTGGGTGCGG
T
>non-promoter squence 3218
AACCGGAAACGGTCTGTGGATGACCCTGTGGCTGGCAATTCCGGTAATGGTGTTCTCGTTCAACCACTCTCCGATCATCT
C
>non-promoter squence 3219
GCTGAAAGAAGCCGAAAAACGCAACCTGTCGCTGTTACAGGCACGCTTGAGCCAGGACCTGGCGCGCGAGCAAATTC
GCCA
>non-promoter squence 3220
GGAGCAGCCAAAACGCGATGTCAAACCCGTAGAGTCGCGTCCGGCATCACCGTTTGAAAATACGGCACCGGCACGCCT
GAC
>non-promoter squence 3221
GCGCCCGGTACCAGGCTATGGCGAGAAAATCCCCGTGTGGTTGTTAGGCTCCAGCCTTTACAGCGCGCAACTGGCGGC
GCA
>non-promoter squence 3222
CTACCGCCAACGGTATTGACAGTAATACCAAAATCGCTCATCTGAACGGTAACCAGTGGGGCTTTGGCTGGAACGCCGG
AA
>non-promoter squence 3223
TGACCCGGCGGATGGCAGAACTGATTGTCGAAGTGATTGACGGAACGCTCTCACCGCTCGCGCAGGCATTGATGCAAA
CCG
>non-promoter squence 3224
CTACGAAAACGTCATCGCGGCGGCGAATGCACTGCGCGGTCAATCCTGTGGCAATGACACCTTCTCGCTGGCAGTTTAC
CC
>non-promoter squence 3225
GCAGAAAAACATCGATTGGTGTTGGTGGCGCAGTTGGGCCGATTAACGCGCCGACGGTATTTAACTCAGTATTTAACGT
TG
>non-promoter squence 3226
AACGGTGAAAGGCTGGCTGGCACAGCTTCCTGCTAAATATCACCAGCGCGCCACCTGCATGTTTGACCGCCACGGTCTG
CT
>non-promoter squence 3227
CCGTTGCAAGGGAAGGGCTGGAGTCGGTCTTTTTCCTGCTGGCGGCATTTCAACAAGATGTCGGGATCTGGCCGCCGC
TGG
>non-promoter squence 3228
GGAATCACCACTCGAAAGTGTGATGGCAGCGGCGAAAATCGCCCATCAAAATAAGACTATCGTTGCGCTTAACCCGGCT
CC
>non-promoter squence 3229
GCGCGGCGCTGACCCGTGAAAAAATCATTGCTTCGGTTGCAGAAAAATTTATCTGTATTGCAGACGCTTCCAAGCAGGT
TG
>non-promoter squence 3230
TGATGCACATCCTCGCTCCCCTGGCGGTCATACCGGAATACCAAGGGATGGGCGTGGGAGGACGGTTGATACGCACTG
GCA
>non-promoter squence 3231
CATTATGTTCTATTCGTCATTAACCTCTTGAGCGACAGAGAGGAGTGGGGCATTAACGTTTATGACGGGGAGAGTCCCC
GT
>non-promoter squence 3232
TGCTGCTGATTTGTGATGCGACCCACGCGCTGCCAATCCAGGTGCTGCGCAACGATATCCGCGTAATTGCAGCCGGTAAC
G
>non-promoter squence 3233
TTTGCTGCCTGCGCATTGATAATCTTGAGTTTATGAGTCGTCATTACGGCTTAATGATGCGCGTTCACTGTATCCGCTCAA
>non-promoter squence 3234
TAACGGCGATTGCCAACGATCGCTTACATGATGAAGTGTATGCAAAACAGGTGCGGGCGCTGGGTCATGCGGGAGATG
TAT
>non-promoter squence 3235
GCAGCAGGAATTAAACAGTCCGAACGAGCAAATTCGCCAGCTCGCCATTGATGAAATTGGCCTGATGCTCAAGCGATTT
AG
>non-promoter squence 3236
GGATCTTCGCTCATTTGCTGATGCCGCGTCTGGCACAGGTTAAACAGCAGCCGGAAGAAGAGGCGCTGATCCTTTTTAC
CT
>non-promoter squence 3237
CGAAGAGATGATGATCAAACTGTTTGGCGAACCGGTGGCTTTCGATGAAGAGCAGCCGCAGCAAACCCGTTTTCGCGA
TCT
>non-promoter squence 3238
GGGATCCGATGATTGATGTGAACCTGACCGCCGCATTCGAGTTAAGCTATGAAGCTGCAAAAATTATGATCCCGCAGAA
AA
>non-promoter squence 3239
ATGTGGTTGCCGCGATGCCCATTGCGCGGGGAGGAAAGCTGGAAGCTGGCAATGTCAAACTGAAACGCGGACGGCTG
GATA
>non-promoter squence 3240
GGAGGCGGATATTCGCCGCCTGATCGCCACGCAAAAAATCCAGACTCGCTTTACGCTCAAAGCGCCCATTGATGGCGTG
AT
>non-promoter squence 3241
GTCCGACCTGCCGTGCGGAACATCAATATCTGAATCAGCTTTCTGCGCAGGGCATCCGCGTGGTCGGCATGAACTATAAA
G
>non-promoter squence 3242
GTCACTTCCCTGGACAGGGCCGTTGCGTTGCCTGATTAAAACCGCTTTGCTGGTTGCTCCGCTGTATGTGTTCGTCGCCG
C
>non-promoter squence 3243
ACGCTGACTCAGCCCTGAAACTGGGCCAGGCGCGCGGCGTGGCGATTGTGGCGGCGGTGAATCAGGAGTTGCCAGTA
TTTG
>non-promoter squence 3244
CGTCATCCCGCGTATCTCAGCACTGGAAGTGGTGATGCAGCCGCTGCTCGATACCGGCGTTCCGCGTGAAGCCTGCGCC
GC
>non-promoter squence 3245
AGAGTAAACATCTTATTCGGGATTGCCGGATGCGACGCTGGCCGCGTCTTATCCGGCCTCCATAAGAGTAGCCCGATACG
C
>non-promoter squence 3246
TGGGCGATATTTTCCGCTGGGGAGAGGCATTAATTCAGGTCAGCCAGCCGCGCTCGCCTTGCTATAAACTCAATTACCAT
T
>non-promoter squence 3247
TCCAGACCGATGCAGCGATCAACCGTGGTAACTCCGGTGGTGCGCTGGTTAACCTGAACGGCGAACTGATCGGTATCAA
CA
>non-promoter squence 3248
CAGCTCTACCAAGAACAAAGAGCAGCAACGCGATCCGGAGATGCATCAGACCAAGAAAGGCAATCAGTGGCACTTTG
GCAT
>non-promoter squence 3249
TACGAATTAAGTTCAGCCAGGTGGATGTGGACTATAACGACAACACGGTAGTTATCGTCCTGAATCTCGGACAGCGGGT
GG
>non-promoter squence 3250
GCTGGGCGATAACGCTGAAGCGGTTAACCAGCATATCGTCTGGTTCCCGCCAGTGAGCATTAATCTCCTGCTTACTATTTT
>non-promoter squence 3251
CGACGTGCAGCTTGGTTGCCTTGGGTTAGGCGTTGTGCGTCCGGCACAAACCGCGGTTCTTGGCGGCACATTCTGGCA
GCA
>non-promoter squence 3252
GCGTACGCCGCAGGATGTTATTTTCGCCGATGAGTGGCGTAACTATCCGGTAACGCTGGTGGCAGAAAATAACGTTACC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3253
TCGGTCAGGGTTCGCAAAACGAATCGCTGATGTCGGTGATTGAGTACAAAGGCAACGCGTCGGAAGATGCACGCCCAA
TCG
>non-promoter squence 3254
ATGCAAAATCGGTATCCAGCCTGGTCACATTCACAAACCGGGTAAAGTGGGTATCGTTTCCCGTTCCGGTACACTGACCT
A
>non-promoter squence 3255
CGGCAAAATCAACTGGGGCATCGGCATAGGCCTTGCGGGAAGCACTTATGATAACAACTACCCGGAAGACCAGGCAGT
GAA
>non-promoter squence 3256
ATGAACTGAATGTGTTTTCTTTTTTCCATCTGTCACAACTTGTTGCGCCAGAAATGGAAAAAAATGGCGGTGGCGTTATT
C
>non-promoter squence 3257
GATGCGTACCGTCGGTGATGTGCGCAACGGGGCCAATGCCATCTATAGCGGTGCCAGCGAAATCGCCACCGGCAATAAC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3258
CGTGTTCTGGTTTAACGTACTGGAAGTTCCACCAAAACCAGATGCAGAAAAGGTCGCGAATCAAAGCCTGCTGCAACT
GGC
>non-promoter squence 3259
CATGCGTGGCCTGACCAATATGGCGCTGGATGACAGTGCGCTGCAAGGGTTCTTTGGCGTCGATCGTAGCGATCGCGAT
CC
>non-promoter squence 3260
CGATAAAAACATTCCTTTAACTGTTACGGTAGACAAAGTCGCTGCCAGCGGCGGTTACATGATGGCCTGTGTGGCGGAC
AA
>non-promoter squence 3261
TTGCGCACGTATTCGGTGAACGCACTATGGCGACGCTGGGGCGTCTTATGAGCCTGCTGTCACCCTTTGACGTGGTGATA
T
>non-promoter squence 3262
CGGCTCTGTTAGTGACCCGTTCCGAACAGGGTATGTCGCTGCTGCAACCGGGTAAAGCGCCGCTGCATATGCCAACCCA
AG
>non-promoter squence 3263
CGACATTGACATTGCCGATGCGCTGCCGGTGGATCAACTCAACGCCCTGAAGCAGGAAAATAAAGTCAATGTGGCAGA
GTA
>non-promoter squence 3264
TTCCCGCGCGGTACGTCTGGCACTGATGGCGAAAACGGGCGAAATGGGTTACCCGTCAGCCCTGACTGCGCCGGTGTG
GGG
>non-promoter squence 3265
AGGTCTGGAAAACTGGAAAGTCGGTCCGGGTAAAATTGATATCGCGCTGGTTCGCGAAGATGTCGATGATTACGATCGC
AG
>non-promoter squence 3266
CTCAGCGTGCTGAGCCAATGACCCGCAGATTAATTCAGGTCCTGTTTGATGAACTCCCTCAGCAGCCACAACAACAGCT
GC
>non-promoter squence 3267
CTGTCTTGGACACATCTGGCCCGTTTTCTTCGGATTTAAAGGAGGAAAAGGCGTTGCTACCGCTTTTGGTGCCATCGCA
CC
>non-promoter squence 3268
CTGTGGGACTACGGCATTAGCCGTGGTATCTCGTCAACCGATTGGCATTGATATAGAAGAAATTTTTTCTGTACAAACCG
C
>non-promoter squence 3269
ACCGCTACTGGCGATTGCCACGATCGCCGCATGGTCAGGGATGAATGATATCGCCAGTTCACGCGCCTCAATTGCCGACC
A
>non-promoter squence 3270
GCGTATTTATCAGGAATTTGAAGGTGATAACGCCACCTGGTGGAACTTCGATCCGCGCGTTGAGTGGCTGATGGGCTAC
CT
>non-promoter squence 3271
GTCAAGAGCTGGCTCGCTTACAGCAAGAGGGCTACCGCTACGCGGTGCTTGATGCGCTGACCGAACACCATCTGGAAA
TTC
>non-promoter squence 3272
TCGCCGCGTTGAAGGCGGACTGAGTGTTGAACAACAGCAAAAACTGGCGCAAACGGCAAAACGTTATCTCGGTAAAC
CGTA
>non-promoter squence 3273
CTTTACCGGCTTTGACGGCATCAGCAACCTGTCGGAAGAAACCAAAGATGCAGAGCGCGTGATCCCGCGTGCGATTTTC
CT
>non-promoter squence 3274
AGGTTTATATCGAAGGTCAGCTGCGTACCCGTAAATGGACCGATCAATCCGGTCAGGATCGCTACACCACAGAAGTCGT
GG
>non-promoter squence 3275
TAATCAGGACGACTTAATTGAGATGGGTAGTCAGGGTGTGTCAATGAAGCTGGTTCATAACGGTAACCCGAATCGCACG
CT
>non-promoter squence 3276
ATGTTACCGCCTTTCCGCTGGTTCAGGAGCGATTAACCACCTACCTGTTAAGTTCCGATGCTGATATCTGGTTGATTACCG
>non-promoter squence 3277
CGACGGTCGACTGGATTTTGCGATTGGTACGTTAAGTGCAGAAATGAAGCTTCAGGATTTACATGTTGAGCCGCTGTTC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3278
TGATGGGGCGGGTCATCTGGTGGATGGCGCGTAATTATCCGCAGCGTCCGTCACTTGCGCACTGCATGGTCTTCGCGGG
CT
>non-promoter squence 3279
TGACACATCCGCAATGGGCGTGGGATGTGGGCCTGAACGGTCGTCCACATGATTTAGGTAATATCTCAGCTTATCTCGGC
A
>non-promoter squence 3280
TAACACCTGAACAGCGTCAACTGGCGCAAAACTGGAATCAGGGGAACGGGAAAACCGGCCCCTATGTGACCGCGATTA
ATT
>non-promoter squence 3281
ATGAGTGGGAGGCAGACGTTCTCGCAAAAGCGCATCTGCTGAGTAAGCTTGAGGCCTGTGACGCCAGCGAGAAAATG
CTTG
>non-promoter squence 3282
GAAATCGTTCGTTAAAGTGATCATCCTCGCCGGGATTTTTATCGGCGTACTGTATTCCGTCTCCTCGGTGCTGATTAACGT
>non-promoter squence 3283
CGCAGGAACAACGGATGGCGCGCGGGTACGACCTGACAGCTCGGATGCGCATGCCGTTCTATCAACACCTCAATACCA
GTG
>non-promoter squence 3284
GAGCGGTAAGCGCCGCTGGTTGATCCCCATCCCCCTCCCCACCCGCTGGATTTCGGTGTGGTTTCTCAATGTGATTACTT
C
>non-promoter squence 3285
GCGTTTACGCGACAACGGATGCCCGATGCGACGCTGGCGCGTCTTATCGGGCCTACAAACGGCCCCGAATCGTAGGTC
GGA
>non-promoter squence 3286
CACCTGCCTGGCAAATGAAAGCGGCTTCGCTAATGCACATCATGCTTTATATAACCTTCCTTGCACTTCCTCTGCTGGGGA
>non-promoter squence 3287
TCTGGTGAAGCCTTTTGCGCTGGAAGAGTTACATGCCCGTATCCGCGCCCTGCTACGACGCCATAATAATCAGGGCGAA
AG
>non-promoter squence 3288
CCAGATATGGATATCGATTCCCGTGATGGTTTTCGCCTTTAGCCATACGCCCATTATTTCTACGTTTGCCATAGACAGACG
>non-promoter squence 3289
ATAAAGGTCATATCTCTAACGCCATCCGTATTCAGGGCCAGTCGGGGCACTCCAGCGATCCAGCACGCGGAGTTAACGCT
A
>non-promoter squence 3290
GTGCAAAATGCCGAAGAAAAACTTCATTACCCTGTTTACCGGCAACGAAACCAGCGATACCTGGTTCAACGCGGCAATT
GC
>non-promoter squence 3291
TTGACGTTGCGAAACTGACGGAAAATCTGCGCCAGGTCGTGGAAGGGGATTGTACGTGGCCGCAGTACGATCGACAA
AAGC
>non-promoter squence 3292
GATGGCGCACTGGATGGTAACCGGTCTGCCGTTACTCATCCTTTCGCCACTGGTAGCAATGCTACTGGGAATGGATGTTT
A
>non-promoter squence 3293
TCAGCGTTCGCTGGAGCGTGGCATTAAATTACCGCCAGTCGTTCCTGCCGGACCAAATAACCCGCTAGGACGTTACGCA
CT
>non-promoter squence 3294
CAAGGAAAAACATTAACCGTAAAAGGTAATTATGTCGGTAATAATGGTCAGCTTAATATCCGCACCGTATTAGGTGATGAT
>non-promoter squence 3295
AAAAAATCAGCAGGTGTTTTATATCGGCACCAACCAGCCGGAAGTGCTGACCGAAATCCGCCGTCATATTCTGGCTAACT
T
>non-promoter squence 3296
AGAAAGTCAGGAGTGGATTGAAGATAAATATAAGGATAAATCAACATTTTTGTCTGTCTTCAGAAAACCACATCTTTCAA
T
>non-promoter squence 3297
CGGACGTTGTGAAGAAGTGTGCCCGACCAGAGCCATCCAGCTTACCAATAACTTTGAACTGACCGTCACCAATAAAGCC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3298
TTCCTGCGCTTTGTTCATGCCGGATGCGGCTAATGTAGATCGCTGAACTTGTAGGCCTGATAAGCGCAGCGTATCAGGCA
A
>non-promoter squence 3299
CGAATTCATCCAGTTTATTCCGGTGGTCGAGCGCCTGGCTGATGAAACAACTGCCCGCGATGGACTTAAGTTACATGCGC
C
>non-promoter squence 3300
CCAGCAACTGGATAAATTACCGGATGCGCCTTATGTCTCGGATCGTCGCTGGAAAAAAGCGATCCGATTATTGCAGGCCA
G
>non-promoter squence 3301
GCTGAAACTCAACTTTGGCATTATGTGTCTGCATATTTTGCTGATGTCGACGTTTGTTGCCCTGCCCGGACAACTGGCTG
A
>non-promoter squence 3302
CAACGCAGCAGGTCAGGTTTTCCACGGCGACATTCCGCGTTATATGGCGGGTGACCCGACTGCGGGTAAACTGTCTGG
TGG
>non-promoter squence 3303
ATATTCACTGGGGCGCACAGACGCTAACCGCAGGCGATGTATTGCTGGTGAGCGGTACACTCGGCGACCACGGGGCGA
CTA
>non-promoter squence 3304
CGCACTGCCAGTGCCGATTGATGAAAACGAGGTGCTGGACTGGCTGGGCGGACAATTTCTCGGTGTGCCGGTATCCGC
GCT
>non-promoter squence 3305
TCGCCCGTATGTCATTCCGGTTGGCGGTTCTAATGCTCTTGGCGCGCTAGGTTATGTGGAGAGTGCGCTGGAAATCGCG
CA
>non-promoter squence 3306
CGCATCCGAAGCCGCGCATCATCTGTGAATATGCTCATGCGATGGGGAACGGACCGGGCGGGCTGACGGAGTACCAGA
ACG
>non-promoter squence 3307
ACTGAAAGAGTGGCTGGACCGGGTATTAAGTCGTGGTTTTGCCAGCGGGCCGGGAGGAAACCAACTGGCGGGAAAG
TACTG
>non-promoter squence 3308
GGCGCTGGTTGTGGGGTCATTTATCAGTGCGGGTACGCTCACCGCTGACTTTGTCCGGTTTGGTCGCAATGCCAAACTG
GC
>non-promoter squence 3309
GGAGCATCGAGATGTTACGGATAAGCAACGAGGGGTCATATATGCTGGCAACCTTTCTAGGCATAAATGTTCTTTCATATA
>non-promoter squence 3310
CCCTTTCTTGTGCTGGCGGGAACTGGATCACCGCCGAAACCGAAGCGCCAGAAGAAGCCATTTCCGACCTTGCATGGA
AAA
>non-promoter squence 3311
CTTCTGTTACCCACGAATTGAGTCCGGTCAACCGACCGTGTGCTCAGAAACCTGCGTGGGTCGCATCCGGTATCTGGGC
GT
>non-promoter squence 3312
GTGCCAGCGCGCGCCGCGTCTGCGTCCCTGCACCCCGCGCGGTATCGTCACGCTGCTTGAGCGTTACAACATTGATACC
TT
>non-promoter squence 3313
TGCAGATTGTTCGCGACAATGAAGCGGCTGAATATCTGGAGTTAAATGTCGGTGAAAACTGGCGGATTAGCGAAGGGC
AAC
>non-promoter squence 3314
AGAAGCCGATATCGCCTGGGTATTGAAAACCTATGGTGAAGAGCGTTTTGCCAAACGCATTGCCCGCGCCATTGTCGAG
CG
>non-promoter squence 3315
AGATGCGCAGCAACGTCTGGATATGGTGAAAGAGTTCAACGAACTGTGCCACTCACACGGTCTGGTAAGCATCATTGAG
CC
>non-promoter squence 3316
AAGCCTGTCCGTTAGGGCTGGCACCGACCAGCAGCACCACCGCCACGCTGGTTATGGGCGATGCCCTCGCTGTCGCGC
TGT
>non-promoter squence 3317
TTGGTGAAGGTTCCGGCGACCTTTATGCCCAGCAGGTTGGCTTGCTGGTCGGAGAAATTCTGCAACTTCCGGTGATTAA
TG
>non-promoter squence 3318
GCCTCGATCCGCGCTTAAAAGATTGCGTCATTCGCGTCGCTTGTGATGTCACCAATCCGCTGGTGGGCGATAACGGCGC
AT
>non-promoter squence 3319
CGGCGTCGATTCGGTGCTGGTTGCCGATGTGCCAGTTGAAGAGTCCGCGCCCTTCCGCCAGGCCGCGTTGCGTCATAAT
GT
>non-promoter squence 3320
GTAAACTCGGTGTGCGTGAACTGGTGACCTTGCTTGAGCAAACAGTGGTGAATACCCTGGCTGAACTGGGTATAGAAG
CGC
>non-promoter squence 3321
CGGTCTAAATAGGCTGATTCAAGGCATTTACGGGAGAAAAAATCGGCTCAAACATGAAGAAATGAAATGACTGAGTCA
GCC
>non-promoter squence 3322
GCAGACCATTACCCAGGGGATTATTAGTGCCACGGGTCGAATCGGTCTGAACCCGACCGGGCGGCAAAACTTCCTCCA
AAC
>non-promoter squence 3323
TTGGCGATGCATGGTGGCTGGCACAAGTGCCGGAAGTGAACTCGGCGCTGGTGTCGATCAATCCGCAAAACGGTGCCG
TTA
>non-promoter squence 3324
CGGCGTGGTATGGCGCGATAACCCGACGCAAATTGTCGAGCTGTACCTGAAATGGGCGGCTGATTATCAGGAAGACAG
AAT
>non-promoter squence 3325
GCAAACAGGTATGGCGGAACTCATTCCTGTCGCTCAACAGTGGCAAACGGAAGAACCAGAAAGCGAAGATGCCCGGT
ATTA
>non-promoter squence 3326
CGTTGACGAAGCGCATCGCGGCTATATTCTCGATAAAGAGCAGACCGAAGGCGAACTGCAGTTCCGCAGCCAGCTGGA
TTA
>non-promoter squence 3327
CGTGCAGTTCACCGAGATGGTGGTGCGCAAAACCAGCCCGGTGCTTTACCGTCTGCTGGGGATTTTTTTGCCGCTTATC
AC
>non-promoter squence 3328
TCCTTGCCTATGCGGGCTTTGGCATGATGGCGAACGCGGCGGATAAAGTGAAAGATCCGCAGGTCATTATGCCACGGGC
GT
>non-promoter squence 3329
GCTGGTGAAAGGCTCGGTGGCGGAGCAGGCGCAGATCCAGAGCCAGCTCGACAGTATGGTTAACGGCGAGCAATCGC
AGAT
>non-promoter squence 3330
AGGTGGTATCCGTCGGTGCGTCCCTGATCCCGTTCCTGGAACACGATGACGCCAACCGTGCATTGATGGGTGCGAACAT
GC
>non-promoter squence 3331
GTAAAACCACCGCTGAATTGTATATGGCTATCGGCTGCCAGAAGCACGCCAAAACCGAAAGCTACCGCGAATATCTCGTT
T
>non-promoter squence 3332
AATGTTGCTGTCTCACGCGCTAAAGATAGTTTTCTGGTATTTGGCGATATGGACCTTATCGAGATGCAGCCCGCATTTTCG
>non-promoter squence 3333
TTAAAACTTACTGTACCACCACATGGGGGGTGACGTTCCCGATGTTCAGTAAGATTGAAGTTAATGGCGAAGGACGCCA
TC
>non-promoter squence 3334
CGAACAAGGCGATCTTATCGCACGTTCTGGCGAAAGCGTCGAAGTGCGCGACCGGCTGGCGCTCGACGGTAAAAAAG
CAGG
>non-promoter squence 3335
TTGTCATAATGACCCGCCAACTGATGAAACAGACTGCGGATATTCTGATGCCGGTAAAACATTTGCTGCCGGACAATTTC
C
>non-promoter squence 3336
AGCCGGGATGGTGGTGATGGTTGATGGTGCTCAGGGGGCAGTGCATTTCCCCGCGGATGTTCAGCAACTGGATATTGA
TTT
>non-promoter squence 3337
CGACGTTGACACGCGTTCAGATGCGGCAGGCCACGGACGTGATATTGAAATGCGCGCCGACGGTGAAGTGGCAGTTG
ATGC
>non-promoter squence 3338
TTGTACGGGATATCATCTACCAGCCAAACAAACCATTACGCTTATTGAACAAAATCAACTCTGGCGAGACGCTTTTTACTG
>non-promoter squence 3339
TTTACAAGGAAGCGAAGACTCACAAGTTGCTAGCGAGATATTTCTTTGTGCTATTGCTTGGATTCTTCATCATGAAATAAG
>non-promoter squence 3340
AAAAGGTGCATTTACTGGTGCACAAACCTTGCGTCAGGGATTATTTGAACGAGCCAACGAAGGTACTCTGCTCCTCGAC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3341
CGTACTGCTTTAACCGCAAAGAAGCAAAAGACCACGGTGAAGGCGGCAATCTGGTTGGTAGCGCGTTACAAGGACGC
GTAA
>non-promoter squence 3342
GGATAACGAAGATTTTGTAAAAGCTGTCAAAGCGACAGGTAAAAAACAGTTAATTATTGCCGGTGTGGTAACCGAAGTT
TG
>non-promoter squence 3343
ATCACTGGAAACCGGCAACTTCCGCCCGGTAGGCGAAACCGACAGCGAAAAAGCCTTCTGCTGGCTCCTGCATAAATTA
AC
>non-promoter squence 3344
CGGTACAGACACCTTATATGATCATCGTGGCTATCGTGTTACTGGTCGCCCTGCTGATCATGCTGACGAAATTCCCGGCAT
>non-promoter squence 3345
TGGGGAGTCTTGTTCTGCTATTACTCTGGCTACGTATTCGACAAAACTATTTATCTCCCAAACGTAAATTGCAACGCGCCC
>non-promoter squence 3346
ATCGTCTGGGCGGCAGCACTAAAAAAGGTATCGATTGTTCTGGTTTCGTACAGCGTACATTCCGTGAGCAATTTGGCTTA
G
>non-promoter squence 3347
AAATGCTGGCAGGCTGTACTCACGCTTCACTGGTGCCAACACAACTCTGGCGTTTGCTGGTTAACCGTAGTTCCGTTTCC
C
>non-promoter squence 3348
GGACAAACTGGAGGCTGGCTGCGCGCCGCTGGCGTTGTGGCAGGCGGCAACGCAAAATCTCTTGCCGACAGATTCGC
TGTT
>non-promoter squence 3349
GCTCAACGCACACACGGGTCTTTCCGTTGAGATCGCAAGCCAGAATATCGGCACTGTCGCAGCGCCTTATGGCGTGGGT
AT
>non-promoter squence 3350
AGTCTATCGATGATGCCGCCGGGGAAGCGTTTGATAAAACCGCGAAGCTGCTGGGGCTGGATTATCCTGGCGGGCCGT
TAC
>non-promoter squence 3351
GTTTGCCAAAAGTTTGGGCTATAGCAAACCGCAAACCCAGGGCGATTATGCTATCGCACAGCATTTTCTGACGAACCTG
CC
>non-promoter squence 3352
ACAATGTTGAATTGATTCGCCAGCGTGTCTACACCCACAACGCGCGACTGGCGCAACGTTTCCGTATTGATCGCGTACTG
C
>non-promoter squence 3353
GCACCGTCCGGCTCTGGTACGGTGAAATCGCCATTACTACCGCGAAAGATGCCCTGCAACGCCCCTTCCGTGTCCTGAC
CC
>non-promoter squence 3354
AATTTAATTATGGCGTGGAAGTCCGCCATCCACAGTTTTTCGCCAAAGGAGAAGAGGAACAAACGCTTAATCGCGGTTT
AC
>non-promoter squence 3355
GGTGACCGTTACCGGTAGCCTGAAATTCGATATTTCTGTAACGCCGCAGTTGGCTGCTAAAGCCGTGACGCTGCGCCGC
CA
>non-promoter squence 3356
AAAAATCCTTAAAGAGATCGGCGATCGTCTGAAATTCCTCGTTAACGTCGGCCTGAATTACCTGACGCTTTCCCGCTCGG
C
>non-promoter squence 3357
TGATGGGACGGCAGGCAATATTGAGATCCCGGAGAAATTACTGAATACCGGGTCGCTGGGCGGCATTCTGACATTCCGT
TC
>non-promoter squence 3358
CAACTGGGGTGATGAAAAGCTAAGCCCCGGTTACACCGTGACCACCGGCTGGAAAAACTTTACCCGCGTCTTTACCGA
CGA
>non-promoter squence 3359
TGCAATGGGCGCACGGTAAACCACTGAATGTGCTGTTGATGCCCGGACCCGATAACGCCGGGGGCAGTAAGGAGATGG
TCG
>non-promoter squence 3360
CATTGCTGGGTAAAGCATTGATCCACGATGTGCCGGAAGAGTACGCCATTCATAAAGAGAAAGAGTTCACCTTCAACAA
AA
>non-promoter squence 3361
ATGAGCATCATCATCACGATCACGAACATCACCACGACCATGGACATCATCACCATCACGAACATGGCGAGTATCAGGAT
G
>non-promoter squence 3362
GGTTTGGCATTGATGAATCCGCAAAAATCTTTCTGGTGGCGCTCGGTACGCTATTCCCCATTTATATCAACACCTGGCATG
>non-promoter squence 3363
TGCCTGTGAAAAAGCGATGAGCGCCGTCGATCCGGATCTCAATTTTATTCGCGTGGATGAAGAAGCGTTTCTCGCCTGC
CC
>non-promoter squence 3364
ATAGTACGGTGATGATGAAGCTGGAGGCCGTGGGGCTGCGTGGAGCGGCTAAACTAATGCCTTCTGAACTTTCCGGTG
GGA
>non-promoter squence 3365
GATTAAGATGTATCCTGACGCTGATATCCCGATGGTGCAGTTGAGTATCGACAGTAGCAAACCTGCCGCCTGGCATTTCG
A
>non-promoter squence 3366
GCGCCGCATCCGACATCCGGAGTACCATGCCTGATACGACGCTTGTGCGTCTTTTCATGCCGACCAAAATATTACCCAATG
>non-promoter squence 3367
TGATGCGCTGCGCTTATCAGGCCTGCAAACGACGTATTGATTATGTATGCCGAATAAAGCATTCACGCCGCATCCGGCAA
G
>non-promoter squence 3368
CACTGCGTCAGGCCGGACTTAAGTTTACCGATATCCAACCCACTTACCTGACGCCCGCTGATGCCCGCGCCGCGTTCCAG
C
>non-promoter squence 3369
AGATAAGCTGGGTAATCGCTCTAACGCCAGTTGCGAAGTGGAGTTTCAGGATGCCATTGGTTGGTTGTTGGGGCTGGA
AGG
>non-promoter squence 3370
TACCGATGAACGGCGCGAGACCGTGCAGCAGCAGCTGGTCAGCGTGTTTGAGCGTTACGGCCTGCCGGACCGGATGA
CCAT
>non-promoter squence 3371
CCAACCGGTAACGCCAACAACCGTTTGTTCTACGGCGGCAAGTTTCTGCCGTGGCCTGACCGATCGCGAACTGCGTACC
AA
>non-promoter squence 3372
GCTTCAACCTGGAAGTTCCGGTTGACGATCACGAACGTATCGAGAAAGTTCAGGAATACGTTGCTAACTACATCAACGC
TG
>non-promoter squence 3373
CGAACCAATGCTTATTCTCTCACTGCTGGTATTGGCGCTGATAGCAGGTTCCACGCATATCGAGATGATCAGCAATACGCT
>non-promoter squence 3374
AGCGCACCACTGGCAAAGCGATGGGTGATTACGGTTGTATGCTGCGCGCCTATCGCCGTCATATTGTCGATGCGATGTTG
C
>non-promoter squence 3375
GGGACGCGTTTCACTGCTGGAAGATAACCTTGCTGAACTGGTCTTCGACACCCCGTTATGGCTGGCAGATAACGACCGC
CT
>non-promoter squence 3376
CTTCGCCCTGGCGCAAAAATACGACCGTCTCATCGACGTTCACTGTGATGAGATCGATGACGAGCAGTCGCGCTTTGTC
GA
>non-promoter squence 3377
AACTGGCGGCGGCGCGTCCGGGGCAGTCCTGGAATCTCATCAACATGACCCGCAGTTTCCTGAATGCCTGCACCTCGCT
AT
>non-promoter squence 3378
CGCAAAGTAAAAATAGCCAAACATCTTCGTTATGGGATGCATTTGCCTATACGTTAGCCATTCTTTACTACGAAAATTTTA
>non-promoter squence 3379
CAACCTTTTACCTTAAGGTTCCGGAAGGCTGGTTCATTCCGGCTGATGCGCTACAAGGAATGGTGCTGGGTTATTTGAG
CC
>non-promoter squence 3380
GGGCAGGCAAAAAATCAATCTTGATCCCGATATCGTCCGCGTTGCCGAACGCGGTAACCCGCCGTTGCAGGGCAACTAC
AC
>non-promoter squence 3381
TGATTTGTATGGAAAAAATCTATGCCTATGCGGGATATATCGCCATCAATATTTCATCGCCGAATACCCCAGGATTACGCA
>non-promoter squence 3382
ACTCAGTCATTCCCGCGCCCGAGGAAGGTGAAACGGCAACGTTTATTTATGTTGGGCGTATGAAATTTGAAGGCCAGAA
AA
